 
-41- general risk factors relating to the 2014 senior bonds  factors affecting parcel value and aggregate values   the facts and circumstances concerning the values of the parcels subject to special taxes in the community facilities district and of the reassessment parcels that are of importance are not confined to those relating to individual parcel values because the local obligations are not individually secured by particular parcels. the following are some of the factors which may affect the market for and value of particular parcels in the districts, individually and in the aggregate.  these include, without limitation:  - geologic conditions such as earthquakes; - topographic conditions such as earth movements and floods; and - climatic conditions such as droughts. with respect to seismic risk, engeo incorporated concluded that (i) no active faults are known to pass through the site, (ii) the nearest faults are the calaveras fault (located approximately 4 miles to the southwest) and the greenville fault (located approximately 8 miles to the northeast), (iii) the potential for ground rupture is low, (iv) the risk of sympathetic ground  
-42- movements due to an earthquake on a nearby faul t is very minor, (v) the soils underlying windemere ranch have a low liquefaction potentia l and (vi) to mitigate the ground shaking effects of a moderate to high magnitude earthquake within the san francisco bay region, all structures should be designed using sound engineering judgment and the latest uniform building code requirements as a minimum, which, according to the master developer, has been done.  flood conditions.  in connection with its approval of final maps and improvement plans for windemere ranch, the county imposed a number of conditions to mitigate the risk of damage from 2-, 10- and 100-year flood events. in connection with issuance of the 2007 bonds, the master developer reported to the authority that none of the residential units in the districts would lie within 100-year flood plains. while the local obligations are not secured by specific parcels, the security only extends to the value of the taxable parcels and the reassessment parcels in the districts that is not subject to priority and parity liens and similar claims relative to the local obligations (i.  see the section entitled “priority of lien” in “security for the reassessment bonds” and “security for the special tax bonds.”  bankruptcy delays  the payment of the special tax and the ability of the county to commence a superior court action to foreclose the lien of a delinquent unpaid special tax, as discussed in “security for the 2014 senior bonds,” may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws generally affecting creditors’ rights or by the laws of the state of california relating to judicial foreclosure.  any legal opinion to be delivered concurrently with the delivery of the 2014 senior bonds (including bond counsel’s approving legal opinion) will be qualified as to the enforceability of the various legal instruments by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights, by the application of equitable principles and by the exercise of judicial discretion in appropriate cases.  although bankruptcy proceedings would not cause the special taxes or reassessments to become extinguished, bankruptcy of a property owner or any other person claiming an interest in the property could result in a delay in superior court foreclosure proceedings and could result in the possibility of special tax and reassessment installments not being paid in part or in full. see “security for the 2014 senior bonds. length: 3687