7859 
bondholders’ risks as described above in “the bonds – security”, the bonds and other general obligation indebtednes s of the district (including the outstanding bonds) are payable from general ad valorem taxes levied upon the taxable property in the district without limit as to rate or amount and other available moneys for the district.  prospective purchasers of the bonds should be aware that investment in the bonds may entail some degree of risk.  particular attention should be given to the factors described below whi ch could affect the payment of debt service on the bonds and could affect the market price of the bonds to an extent that cannot be determined.  this discussion of risk factors is not, and is not intended to be, exhaustive. no mortgage or collateral the bonds are not secured by a mortgage, deed of trust or security interest in any real or pers onal property of the district, including the project being refinanced with the proceeds of the bonds. limitation of rights upon insolvency the united states bankruptcy code enables debtors, including municipalities, counties and school districts, which are insolvent to obtain relief through petition and pl an which may result in the modification or delay of payments to creditors, including bondholders.  relief under chapter 9 of the federal bankruptcy code is available only to those municipalities which are specifically authorized to be a debtor under such c hapter by state law or by a governmental officer or organization empowered by state la w to authorize such entity to be a debtor under chapter 9. the state of nebraska (the “state ”) has authorized its political subdivisions, including school districts such as the district, to seek relief under the united states bankruptcy code by statute.  u pon any insolvency upon the part of the district, the holders of the bonds likely would represent general unsecured obligations of the district.  the extent to which the exception from limitations upon overall tax rates provided for in existing legislation, including the provisions of “budget limitations” and “levy limitations” (as such terms are defined and described below under the heading “nebraska developments related to budgets and taxation”), might entitle bondholders to be treated as a separate class  or otherwise given  
7 
 priority over other unsecured claimants is a matter that would be subject to future determinations of nebraska state and federal courts interpreting and applying both state law and the united states bankruptcy code.  procedures under the united states bankruptcy code or other insolvency laws could result in delays in payment and modifications of payment rights. operational disruption risk; covid-19 certain external events, such as pandemics, natural disasters, severe weather , technological emergencies, riots, acts of war or terrorism or other circumstances, could potentially disrupt the operations and effectiveness of municipal governments, such as the district.  the united states congress recently enacted several covid -19-related bills, including the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (cares act), signed into law on march 27, 2020, which provides over $2 trillion of direct financial aid to american families, payroll and operating expense support for small businesses, and loan assistance for distressed industries, as well as providing funds to and directing the federal reserve system to support the capital markets.  state aid for each school district is determined annually based on student adjustment weightings and a variety of other factors including taxable valuations a nd per-student costs. length: 3659