   the legal opinions to be delivered concurrently with the delivery of the bonds will be qualified as to the enforceability of the variou s legal instruments by limitations imposed by general principles of equity and public policy and by bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally.  see “security and source of payment for the bonds” herein.  see “security and source of payment for t he bonds” herein.  bankruptcy and insolvency the rights and remedies provided in the resolution may be limited by and are subject to the provisions of federal bankruptcy laws, to other laws or equitable principles that may affect the enforcement of creditor’s rights, to the exercise of judicial discretion in appropriate cases and to limitations in legal remedies against exercise of judicial discretion in appropriate cases and to limitations on legal remedies against municipal corporations in the state of iowa.  if the iss uer were to file a petition under chapter nine of the federal bankruptcy code, the owners of the bonds could be prohibited from taking any steps to enforce their rights under the resolution.16a of the code of iowa, as amended, a  city, county, or other politic al subdivision may become a debtor under chapter nine of the federal bankruptcy code, if it is rendered insolvent, as defined in 11 u.   tax matters, bank qualification, and loss of tax exemption  as discussed under the heading “tax exemption” herein, the interest on the bonds could become includable in gross income for purposes of federal income taxation retroactive to the date of delivery of the bonds, as a result of acts or omissions of the issuer in violation of its covenants in the resolution.  risks as employer the issuer is a major employer, combining a complex mix of full-time faculty, part-time faculty, technical and clerical support staff and other types of workers in a single operation.  as with all large employers, the issuer bears a wide variety of risks in connection with its employees.  these risks include discrimination claims, personal tort actions, work- related injuries, exposure to hazardous materials, interpersonal torts (such as between employees or between employees and students) and other risks that may flow from the relationships between employer and employee or between students and employees.  certain of these risks are not covered by insurance, and certain of them cannot be anticipated or prevented in advance.   cybersecurity the issuer, like many other public and private entities, relies on a large and complex technology environment to conduct its operations. as such, it may face multiple cybersecurity threats including but not limited to, hacking, viruses, malware and other attacks on computer or other sensitive digital systems and networks. there can be no assurances that any security and operati onal control measures implemented by the issuer will be completely successful to guard against and prevent cyber threats  and attacks. failure to properly maintain functionality, control, security, and integrity of the issuer’s information systems could impact business operations and/or digital networks and systems and the costs of remedying any such damage could be significant. along with significant liability claims or regulatory penalties, any security breach co uld have a material adverse impact on the issuer’s operations and financial condition. the issuer has a $1,000,000 cyber-liability policy. the issuer cannot predict whether this policy will be sufficient in the event of a cyberattack. however, the bonds are secured by an unlimited ad valorem property t ax as described under the heading “source of security for the bonds” herein.  under existing constitutional and statutory law and j udicial decisions, including specifically the bankruptcy code, the remedies provided in the resolution may not be readily available or may be limited.  the various legal opinions to be delivered concurrently with the delivery of the bonds and the delivery of t he resolution will be qualified as to the enforceability of the various legal instruments by limitations imposed by general principles of equity and by bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally.   damage or destruction to district’s facilities  although the district maintains certain kinds of  insurance, there can be no assurance that the district will not suffer uninsured losses in the event of damage to or destruction of the district’s facilities, including the project financed with the refunded bond proceeds, due to fire or other calamity or in the event of other unforeseen circumstances  financial condition of the issuer from time to time  no representation is made as to the future financial condition of the issuer.  certain risks discussed herein could adversely  affect the financial condition and/or operations of the issuer in the future.  however, the bonds are secured by an unlimited ad valorem property tax as described more fully in the “the bonds – source of security for the bonds” herein.   suitability of investment the interest rate borne by the bonds is intended to compensate the investor  for assuming the risk of investing in the bonds.  each prospective investor should carefully examine this official statement and its own financial condition to make a judgement as to its ability to bear the economic risk of such and investment, and whethe r or not the bonds are an appropriate investment for such investor.   factors beyond issuer’s control economic and other factors beyond the issuer’s control, such as economic recession, deflation of property values, or financia l difficulty or bankruptcy by one or more major property taxpayers, or the complete or partial destruction of taxable property caused by, among other eventualities, earthquake, flood, fire or other natural disaster, could cause a reduction in the asses sed value within the corporate boundaries of the issuer.   the state of iowa, including the issuer, is susceptible to tornados, flooding and extreme weather wherein winds and flooding have from time to time caused significant damage, which may have an adverse impact on the issuer’s financial position. length: 6280