30 bondholder risks  there are various forms of risk associated with investing in the bonds. one such risk is that the district will be unable to promptly pay interest and principal on the bonds as they become due (see “ the bonds - remedies of bondholders on default,” herein).  the following is a discussion of certain events that could affect the risk of investing in the bonds. in addition, there may be other risk factors which a potential investor must consider. in order to make an informed investment decision, an investor should be thoroughly familiar with the entire official statement, including its appendices, as well as all areas of potential risk.  there are a number of factors which could have a detrimental effect on the ability of the district to continue to generate revenues, particularly its property taxes.  the financial condition of the district as well as the market for the bonds could be affected by a variety of factors, some of which are beyond the district’s control. there can be no assurance that adverse events in the state, including, for example, the seeking by a municipality of remedies pursuant to the federal bankruptcy code or otherwise, will not occur which might affect the market price of and market for the bonds. in addition, the price and principal value of the bonds is dependent on the prevailing level of interest rates; if interest rates rise, the price of a bond will decline, causing the holder to incur a capital loss upon the sale of such bond (unless such bond is held to maturity).  (3) a property casualty insurance company's deduction for the losses incurred will be reduced by 15% of the income received from tax-exempt obligations.  under the code, the benefits of the exclusion of the interest on the bonds from gross income for federal income tax purposes may be diminished by operation of certain provisions of the code which affect recipients of social security and railroad retirement benefits.  as noted under “bondholder risks,” amendments to the code could reduce or eliminate the favorable tax treatment granted to municipal debt, including the bonds and other debt issued by the district. such legal opinion will state that in the opinion of bond counsel (i) the bonds have been authorized and issued in accordance with the constitution and statutes of the state of new york and constitute valid and legally binding general obligations of the district, and, unless paid from other sources, are payable as to principal and interest from ad valorem taxes levied upon all the taxable real property within the district, without limitation as to rate or amount (subject to certain statutory limitations imposed by chapter 97 of the 2011 laws of new york); provided, however, that the enforceability (but not the validity) of the bonds may be limited or otherwise affected by (a) any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or similar statute, rule, regulation or other law affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights and remedies heretofore or hereafter enacted or (b) by the unavailability of equitable remedies or the application thereto  of equitable principles, (ii) assuming that the district complies with certain requirements of the code, interest on the bonds (a) is excluded from gross income for federal income tax purposes and (b) is not an item of tax preference for purposes of the f ederal alternative minimum tax imposed on individuals and corporations and (iii) interest on the bonds is exempt from personal income taxes imposed by the state of new york or any political subdivision thereof, including the city of new york. length: 3653