- 15 - 
 added to the original cost basis of the holder in d etermining, for federal income tax purposes, gain o r loss upon 
disposition (including sale, early redemption or pa yment at maturity).  for federal income tax purpose s (a) any holder 
of a discount bond will recognize gain or loss upon  the disposition of such discount bond (including s ale, early 
redemption or payment at maturity) in an amount equ al to the difference between (i) the amount receive d upon such 
disposition; and (ii) the sum of (1) the holder's o riginal cost basis in such discount bond, and (2) t he amount of 
original issue discount attributable to the period during which the holder held such discount bond; an d (b) the amount 
of the basis adjustment described in clause (a)(ii) (2) will not be included in the gross income of the  holder.  
  
sale at competitive bidding 
 
 the construction bonds and the refunding bonds wer e offered for sale by the county at competitive bid ding 
on april 12, 2023, in accordance with the respectiv e official notice of sale (the forms of which are a ttached hereto 
as appendix b), as supplemented.  the rates shown o n the inside cover page of this official statement are the rates 
to the county resulting from the awards of the bond s at the respective competitive bidding therefore. 
 
the claimant contractor was the successful bidder o f a public works contract for construction of a cou nty 
fire station.  the fire station opened in 
october 2022.    
 
cybersecurity 
 
in the conduct of its daily business, the county em ploys technology and collects and stores sensitive data. despite security controls and other tec hnical measures currently in place and those which may be adopted 
in the future, information technology and infrastru cture may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers, nati on states or other 
breaches, including as a result of error, malfeasan ce or other disruptions or failures. any  such access, 
disruption, disclosure, theft or other loss of info rmation could result in disruptions to county opera tions and financial 
or other activities, or legal claims or proceedings , including pursuant to laws that protect the priva cy of personal 
information, or regulatory penalties. 
 
to prevent such disruptions to county operations, t he county maintains a cybersecurity office within t he 
office of information and technology.  the county u ses the national institute of standards and technol ogy 
cybersecurity framework to measure the maturity of cybersecurity controls and exposure to cyber risks in county 
government. the current focus is on improving detec tion, response and recovery capabilities along with  a continual 
review of critical controls for systems which proce ss county data and providing cyber security educati on to county 
employees on an ongoing basis. 
 
while the county conducts periodic tests and review s of its networks, no assurances can be given that such 
security and operational control measures will be s uccessful in guarding against all cyber threats and  attacks. new 
technical cyber vulnerabilities are discovered in t he united states daily.  
 
in addition, there is a heightened risk due to an i ncrease in remote access to county systems by count y 
employees as a result of the outbreak of covid-19. as cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, the co unty may be 
required to expend significant additional resources  to continue to modify and strengthen security meas ures, investigate 
and remediate any vulnerabilities, or invest in new  technology designed to mitigate security risks. length: 3600