 the enforceability of remedies or rights with respect to the series 2020 bonds also is limited by state and federal bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, sovereign immunity, moratorium and other similar laws affecti ng creditors' rights or remedies currently in effect and may be limited by such laws hereafter enacted. see "security; source of payment – pledge of net system revenues; additional parity bonds" herein and appendix d – "form of indenture" – article viii - additional bonds.  operating risks  operation of the system could be affected by many factors, the nature and extent of which are not currently determinable, including the unavailability or shortage of water supply, the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, inability to achieve expected levels of efficiency, failure to operate at design specifications, failure by third  parties to perform their obligations under agreements with th e board (whether or not excused by force majeure), costs of supplies or services not under contract, changes in law or regulat ory protocols, delays in receipt of or failure to obtain or maintain necessary permits or similar events.  the system is at risk from catastrophic events su ch as an intervening act of god or public enemy, water shortage, drought, flooding, extreme or unusual weather conditions, earthquake or other natural disaster, sabotage, civil commotions, interference by civil or military authoritie s, fire, subsurface condition, public disorder, strike, labor dispute or other labor protest, stop-work order or injunction issued by a governmental authority or government embargo.  in the indenture the board is required to maintain certain insurance coverage to protect against certain weather-related risks.  federal bankruptcy  under certain conditions, title 11 of the united states  code, 11 u. (the "bankruptcy code") permits a municipality to file a petition for relief in federal bankruptcy court to adjust debts under chapter 9 of the bankruptcy code.  section 101 of the bankruptcy code defines "municipality" to mean a political subdivision, public agency or instrumentality of a state.  to be eligible to file a chapter 9 bankruptcy petition under section 109 of the ba nkruptcy code, a municipality must be "specifically authorized, in its capacity as a municipality or by name, to be a debtor under [chapter 9], or by a governmental officer or organization empowered by state law to authorize such entity to be a debtor under [chapter 9]."  section 109 of the bankruptcy code imposes additional requirements for a munici pality to be eligible to file bankruptcy.  without limitation, the municipality must (a) be insolvent (either una ble to pay debts as they come due or generally not paying debts as they come due); (b) desire to effect a debt ad justment plan; and (c) meet certain requirements regarding negotiations with creditors (or certain exceptions to such re quirements).  such legislation authorizing utility boards to file petitions for relief under the bankruptcy code may well be enacted by the legislature of alabama in the future.  section 922(d) of chapter 9 of the bankruptcy code provides that a bankruptcy petition does not operate as a stay of "application of pledged special revenues"  to the payment of indebtedness secured by such revenues in a manner consistent with other provisions of the bankr uptcy code.  without limitation, section 928 of the bankruptcy code provides that special revenues acquired by the debtor after commencement of a chapter 9 case remain subject to any lien resulting from any security agreement entered into by the debtor before commencement of the case, but further provides that any such lien on special revenues (other than  municipal betterment assessments) derived from a project or system shall be subject to "the necessary operating expenses of such project or system." it is not clear whether the pledge of the net system revenues made by the board for the bene fit of the series 2020 bonds would constitute "special revenues" as that term is defined in section 902(2) of the bankruptcy code.  similarly, it is uncertain whether s ection 928 of the bankruptcy code would control the claims of holders of the series 2020 bonds with respect to the net system revenues.  the approving legal opinion of bond counsel will contai n the customary reservation that the rights of the holders of the series 2020 bonds and the enforceab ility thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights and the exercise of judicial discretion in appropriate cases. length: 4636