” 
risk factors 
the primary source of payment for the authority’s toll bridge revenue bonds is the authority’s 
bridge toll revenues.  the level of bridge toll revenues collected at any time is dependent upon the level 
of traffic on the bridge system, which, in turn, is related to several factors, including without limitation, 
the factors indicated below. 
risk of earthquake 
the san francisco bay area’s historical level of seismic activity and the proximity of the bridge 
system to a number of significant known earthquake faults (including most notably the san andreas fault 
and the hayward  fault) increases the likelihood that an earthquake originating in the region could destroy 
or render unusable for a period of time one or more of the bridges, their highway approaches or connected 
traffic corridors, thereby interrupting the collection of bridge toll revenues for an undetermined period of 
time. 
an earthquake originating outside the immediate bay area could have an impact on bridge system 
operations and bridge toll revenues.  on october 17, 1989, the san francisco bay area experienced the 
effects of the loma prieta earthquake that registered 7.  the epicenter of the 
earthquake was located in loma prieta about 60 miles south of the city of san francisco in the santa cruz 
mountains.  the loma prieta earthquake caused damage to the east span of the san francisco-oakland bay 
bridge and adjacent highways.0-magnitude earthquake occurred near napa, california, the epicenter of 
which was located approximately 15 miles from the carquinez and benicia-martinez bridges. 
in march 2015, the working group on california earthquake probabilities (a collaborative effort 
of the u.s”), the california geological society, and the southern 
california earthquake center) reported that there is a 72% chance that one or more earthquakes of 
magnitude 6. released a report in april 2017 entitled the haywired earthquake scenario, which estimates 
property damage and direct business disruption losses of $82 billion (in 2016 dollars) from a magnitude 7.0 
earthquake on the hayward fault. such earthquakes may be very destructive. property within the san 
francisco bay area could sustain extensive damage in a major earthquake, bridges or their highway 
approach routes could be damaged, destroyed or rendered unusable for a period of time, and a major 
earthquake could adversely affect the area’s economic activity. 
the seismic retrofit program was undertaken to mitigate the risk of major damage to the bridges 
due to seismic activity by enhancing the structural integrity of the bridges to accommodate ground motions 
along the various identified faults with return periods of between 1,000 and 2,000 years.  
climate change and other force majeure events 
operation of the bridge system and collection of bridge tolls is also at risk from other events of 
force majeure, such as climate change, damaging storms, winds and floods, fires and explosions, spills of 
hazardous substances, collisions involving maritime vessels, strikes and lockouts, sabotage, wars, 
blockades and riots or future outbreaks or pandemics, in addition to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic 
as discussed further in “pandemic and public health considerations” above.  many entities in the state, including among others the california legislature and mtc, are in 
the process of implementing various resilience measures to reduce the impacts of climate change, including 
significant financial investments in infrastructure.  see appendix a – “related entities – 
metropolitan transportation commission – climate change, resiliency and ongoing planning. ”  15 threats and acts of terrorism 
caltrans and law enforcement authorities have undertaken security measures in an effort to reduce 
the probability that the bridges could be attacked by terrorists. 
no insurance coverage 
no business interruption insurance or any other commercially available insurance coverage is 
currently maintained by the authority or caltrans with respect to damage to or loss of use of any of the 
bridges.1 billion 
reserve, including $50 million in the cooperative agreement self-insurance emergency fund, $188 million 
in the operations and maintenance fund for two years of operation and maintenance of toll facilities, $314 
million for two years of rehabilitation expenses on the bridges, $280 million in project contingency and 
self-insurance reserves and $280 million in variable interest rate risk reserves. moreover, the authority expects that emergency assistance and loans from the 
federal government would be made available to the state in the event of major damage to the bridges caused 
by a major earthquake or other force majeure event.  broad economic factors—such as inflation, unemployment rates or instabilities in consumer 
demand and consumer spending—may adversely affect the bridge toll revenues and consequently, the 
authority’s ability to pay debt service on the 2023 fixed rate bonds.  other economic conditions that from 
time to time may adversely affect the bridge toll revenues include but are not limited to: (1) increased 
business failures and consumer and business bankruptcies, (2) volatility in the banking and financial 
markets, (3) unavailability of liquidity during periods of economic stress caused by delayed reimbursement 
or payment, or increased costs of liquidity facilities, and (4) increased operating costs.   
economic factors; increasing tolls 
a substantial deterioration in the level of economic activity within the san francisco bay area 
could have an adverse impact upon the level of bridge toll revenues collected.  in addition, the occurrence 
of any natural catastrophe such as an earthquake may negatively affect the san francisco bay area . length: 5795