 
 
economic and other factors beyond the district’s control, such as general market decline in 
property values, disruption in financial markets that may reduce availability of financing for purchasers of 
property, reclassification of property to a class exempt from taxation, whether by ownership or use (such 
as exemptions for property owned by the state and local agencies and property used for qualified 
education, hospital, charitable or religious purposes), or the complete or partial destruction of the taxable 
property caused by a natural or manmade disaster, such as earthquake, fire, drought, flood or toxic 
contamination, could cause a reduction in the assessed value of taxable property within the district. see “security for the bonds.” 
natural disasters impacting assessed valuations 
drought conditions.   water shortfalls resulting from the driest conditions in recorded state 
history caused a state-wide drought state of emergency for california in 2014 and the imposition by 
state regulators of reductions in water usage through 2017 when the state-wide drought ended in almost 
all california counties.   
during fiscal year 2020-21, 2021-22, and continuing during fiscal year 2022-23, much of the 
state has experienced severe or extreme drought, pursuant to the u. drought monitor classification 
scheme.  on october 19, 2021, governor newsom declared a state of 
emergency due to drought in the state. drought monitor, as of april 6, 2023, 56.17% of the state is experiencing 
no drought, 18.04% of the state is 
experiencing moderate drought, and 0.82% of the state is experiencing severe drought. the county is 
currently not experiencing drought conditions. 
earthquakes.  all jurisdictions in california are subject to the effects of damaging earthquakes.  
earthquakes are considered a threat to the district due to the highly active seismic region and the 
proximity of fault zones, which could influence much of the california coastline including the san 
francisco bay area.  an earthquake along one of the faults in the vicinity, either known or unknown, 
could cause a number of casualties and extensive property damage.  the effects of such a quake could be 
aggravated by aftershocks and secondary effects such as fires, landslides, dam failure, liquefaction and 
other threats to public health, safety and welfare. the potential direct and indirect consequences of a 
major earthquake can easily exceed the resources of the district and other local public entities and would 
require a high level of self-help, coordination and cooperation.   
the district is located in the greater san francisco bay area, which has a high likelihood of 
future earthquakes as it straddles the san andreas fault system.  according to a united states geological 
survey study published march 2015, there is a 51% chance of a major earthquake within the greater san 
francisco bay area within a 30-year period commencing in 2014.  
wildfires. in recent years, certain portions of the state were affected by large wildfires which 
destroyed both natural lands and residential and commercial properties and resulted in large-scale 
property value reductions in the impacted areas.  during the summer of 2020, california experienced 
large-scale wildfires in several portions of the state.  the district was not impacted by recent wildfires. 
climate change.   climate change caused by human activities may have adverse effects on the 
property within the boundaries of the district. climate change can also result in more variable weather 
patterns throughout the state, which can lead to longer and more severe droughts and wildfires as well as 
increased risk of flooding and a rise in sea levels.  projections of the impacts of global climate change are  
18 complex and depend on many factors that are outside the district’s control. the various scientific studies 
that forecast the amount and timing of adverse impacts of climate change are based on assumptions 
contained in such studies, but actual events may vary materially. also, the scientific understanding of 
climate change and its effects continues to evolve. accordingly, the district is unable to forecast with 
certainty when adverse impacts of climate change will occur or the extent of such impacts.  such economic slowdown created risk for economic recession or depression or a 
general market decline in real estate values which in turn could have led to a reduction of assessed values 
in the district. 
the district cannot make any representation regarding the effects that drought, change in 
economic conditions, caused by pandemic or otherwise, or fire conditions or earthquakes has had, or may 
have on the value of taxable property within the district, or to what extent such conditions could cause 
disruptions to agricultural production, destroy property, reduce land values and adversely impact other 
economic activity within the boundaries of the district.  county assessors may independently reduce assessed values as well based 
upon the factors described in the paragraph above or reductions in the fair market value of the taxable 
property. 
once the property has regained its prior value, adjusted for inflation, it once again is subject to the annual 
inflationary factor growth rate allowed under article xiiia. length: 5328