 
-27-  certain risk factors each prospective investor is encouraged to read this official statement in its entirety and to give particular attention to the factors described below which, among others discussed herein, could affect the payment of debt service on the bonds and could affect the market price of the bonds to an extent that cannot be determined at this time.  however, the following does not purport to be an exhaustive listing of risks and other considerations which may be relevant to investing in the bonds, and certain of the described risks only relate to one series of the bonds and not both.  in addition, the order in which the following information is presented is not intended to reflect the relative importance of such risks.  dependence on gaming, tourism and other factors the economy of the county and the state is heavily dependent on the tourist industry, which is based significantly on legalized gambling. factors such as weakening in the national economy and reductions in travel for any reason, including terrorist attacks and increases in gas prices, may impact the pledged revenues. other factors that are beyond the control of the county also may adversely affect the level of consolidated tax revenues in the future. these factors include a dependence on the individual members of the hotel/casino industry to attract visitors to the las vegas area through the use of advertising and other promotional activities. another factor is the availability of affordable and frequent air service to the county.  reductions in air service or increases in the price of such service may occur due to the poor health of the airline industry in general, increases in jet fuel costs or other factors. certain risks associated with pledged revenues consolidated tax collection risks generally. bankruptcy and foreclosure.  the ability and willingness of a business owner or 
operator to remit sales tax revenues included in the consolidated tax may be adversely affected by the filing of a bankruptcy proceeding by the business owner or operator.  the ability to collect delinquent sales taxes using state law remedies for non-payment of taxes may be forestalled or delayed by bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, or other similar proceedings of the owner or operator of a retail business, or by the holder of any liens on the business.  the federal bankruptcy laws provide for an automatic stay of foreclosure and sale proceedings, thereby delaying such proceedings, perhaps for an extended period. certain risks related to property taxes. numerous other factors over which the 
county has no control may impact the timely receipt of ad valorem property tax revenues in the future. these include the valuation of property within the county, the number of homes which are in foreclosure, bankruptcy proceedings of property taxpayers or their lenders, and the ability or willingness of property owners to pay taxes in a timely manner.  risks related to additional bonds the bond ordinance permits the issuance of parity securities and superior securities upon certain conditions described in the bond ordinance, which would be secured by lien on the pledged revenues on a parity with or superior to the lien thereon of the bonds.  see “security for the bonds - additional securities.”  to the extent any parity securities or superior securities are issued, the security for the bonds would be diluted to the extent the pledged revenues are required to cover debt service on both the bonds and the parity securities and/or to the extent pledged revenues are first required to pay debt service on superior securities. bankruptcy, federal lien power and police power. the enforceability of the 
rights and remedies of the owners of the bonds and the obligations incurred by the county in issuing the bonds are subject to the federal bankruptcy code and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, now or hereafter in effect; usual equity principles which may limit the specific enforcement under state law of certain remedies; the exercise by the united states of america of the powers delegated to it by the federal constitution; the power of the federal government to impose liens in certain situations; and the reasonable and necessary exercise, in certain exceptional situations, of the police power inherent in the sovereignty of the state and its governmental bodies in the interest of serving a significant and legitimate public purpose. bankruptcy proceedings or the exercise of powers by the federal or state government, if initiated, could subject the owners of the bonds to judicial discretion and interpretation of their rights in bankruptcy or otherwise, and consequently may entail risks of delay, limitation or modification of their rights.  secondary market investment in the bonds poses certain economic risks which may not be appropriate for certain investors, and only persons with substantial financial resources who understand the risk of investment in the bonds should consider such investment. length: 5146