  business disruption risk; covid-19 (coronavirus)  certain external events, such as pandemics, natural di sasters, severe weather, technological emergencies, riots, acts of war or terrorism or other circumstances, could potentially disrupt the county’s ability to conduct its business.  resilience, sustainability and climate change  climate change  although the majority of the county’s population is located roughly 35 miles inland in the city of walterboro, the county borders the atlantic ocean and the town of edisto beach is within the county’s limits.   this does provide some protection from extreme weather thou gh the county is still susceptible to the effects of extreme weather events, including hurricanes, flooding, and tornadoes. the economic impacts resulting from such extreme weather events could includ e loss of revenue (declines in tourism and usage), interruption of services, and escalated expenses (recovery costs).  no assu rances can be given, however, that a future extreme weather event driven by climate change will not adversely affect the operations or financial condition of the county.     
 
21 the county did experience impacts from hurricane matthew during october 2016.  total response (public safety and essential personnel overtime) and damage (storm-related flooding and debris removal) was $902 thousand of which $676 thousand was reimbursed by federal and state grants. the county did not experience any material impacts from either hurricane florence in 2018 or hurricane dorian in 2019 or hurricane ian in 2022.  cybersecurity  the county utilizes a number of technology systems for public safety, financial operations, planning and general operations.  all technology systems are at risk of  potential cybersecurity threats involving attempts to compromise, modify, disable, and exfiltrate and/or contro l data.  the systems control critical applications which have public safety implications and contain or manage personal information related to staff, residents, or customers, which makes the protection of these systems from  cyber threats of the utmost importance.  in response, the county has implemented the following measures:   security training for all staff to aid in spotting da ngerous phishing e-mails and other similar exploits.  these programs include:  (1) public safety (including law enforcement, emergency preparedness planning, detention facilities and fire protection in the unincorporated areas of colleton county); (2) health services (including emergency medical services, drug and alcohol rehabilitation programs and contributions to the state’s medically indigent assistance fund); (3) public works (including street and drainage maintenance and mosquito abatement); (4) solid waste management (solid waste disposal and recycling); (5) judicial administration (including prosecuting and public defender legal services and criminal, civil, probate and family court administration); (6) tax collection and dispersal; (7) libraries; (8) recreation; (9) planning and zoning administration; and (10) veterans assistance. length: 3088