   federal bankruptcy code 
  the rights and remedies of the registered owners of the warrants are subject to the provisions of chapter 9 of title 11 of the united states code (bankruptcy) which permits under certain specific circumstances (but only after authorization by the legislature or by a governmental officer or organization empowered by state law to give such authorization), a political subdivision of a state, such as the city, to file a petition for relief in the u. district court for the district in which the political subdivision is located if it is insolvent or unable to meet its debts as they mature and desires to effect a plan to adjust its debts. under the bankruptcy code, the filing of such a petition operates as an “automatic” stay of the commencement or the continuation of any judicial or other proceeding against the petitioner, i ts property or any officer or inhabitant of the petitioner. such forward looking statements are based on general assumptions and are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause results to differ materially from the views, beliefs and pro jections expressed in such statements. some factors are specific to the city, including those factors summarized below under the subheadings “adequacy of general fund revenues to avoid operating deficits ,” “dependence of city’s general fund on local sales and use tax revenues, ” “dependence of city’s general fund on certain utility revenues,” and “recent economic developments,” all under the caption “ special factors.” other factors that may affect the city also apply to local governmental units more ge nerally (particularly those in alabama), including 26  • possible changes in economic and business conditions that may affect prevailing interest rates, the prevailing rates of inflation, or the amount of growth, stagnation, or recession in the global, national, southeastern united states and alabama economies, and the profitability of business entities. • those factors summarized below under the subheadings “ state legislative control. special factors 
adequacy of general fund revenues to avoid operating deficits. the city, like many other units of local government in alabama and elsewhere, is being increasingly subjected to demands for new or increased municipal services and for support of various municipal and public activities and programs, the costs of which tend to place strains on the city’s resources. the city’s ability to operate on a substantially balanced budget basis may be adversely affected by factors such as reductions in tax and other revenues allocated to the general fund, increases in expenditures for governmental and other services paid for or supported out of the general fund, and additional capital borrowings by the city.  in making a decision whether to purchase the warrants, potential investors should consider certain risks and investment considerations which could affect the ability of the city to pay debt service on the warrants in a timely manner and which could affect the marketability of or the market price for the warrants.  these risks and investment considerations are discussed throughout this official state ment.  certain of these risks and investment considerations are set forth herein, but this discussion is not intended to be a comprehensive or exhaustive compilation of all possible risks and investment considerations nor a substitute for an independent evaluation of the information presented in this official statement. each prospective investor should carefully examine his, her, or its own financial condition in order to make a judgment as to his, her, or its ability to bear the risk of an investment in the warrants.  an investment in the warrants involves certain risks which should be carefully considered by investors.  prospective investors should carefully examine this official statement and their own financial condition in order to make a judgment as to their ability to bear the economic risk of such an investment and whether or not the warrants are an appropriate investment for them.  
cyberattack vulnerability. the city, like many entities and public bodies, is vulnerable and increasingly subject to cyberattack crimes.  while many people are aware of this risk, entities with multiple network users are by definition impossible to fully protect. length: 4371