 
 
 
30 frequency of environmental events, such as hurricanes, may increase on an annual basis according to models and forecasts. the state’s demographic and economic growth have steadily increased the value of pro perty at risk from any single environmental event even as improvements in building codes and innovations in construction have reduced disaster mortality. consequently, the magnitude of the impact on the state’s operations, economy, or financial condition f rom environmental risks is indeterminate and is unpredictable for future environmental events. there can be no assurance that such risks will not have an adverse effect on the operations, economy, or financial condition of the state. notwithstanding multiple hurricanes, state finances and the economy have only experienced temporary economic disruption. in addition, the state has improved its resiliency to the threat of environmental risks through the establishm ent of the florida hurricane catastrophe fund and the citizens property insurance corporation to stabilize the property insurance market in the state.   leadership – the state’s response to environmental risks includes the creation of state -level leadership positions to help coordinate resilience efforts through the state’s 67 counties and over 400 cities.   regulatory programs and planning – state level:  building and development: the state’s resilience to environmental risks has been enhanced through state law restrictions and targeted regulatory programs. also, dep requires new construction in the coastal areas with higher risks of environmental impacts to meet more stringent standards and demonstrate that the proposed project will  not result in a significant adverse impact. the slip studies may inform the development of alternative construction designs that minimize future flood risk, and dep and the chief science officer review the slip studies to help inform policies and guidance to address sea level rise issues that may arise on a statewide basis. 
  
 
 
31 flooding and sea level rise: in 2021, the state enacted a law that requires dep to develop a comprehensive statewide flood vulnerability and sea level rise data set and assessment, including statewide sea level rise projections, containing information necessary to determine the risks  of flooding and sea level rise to inland and coastal communities. the law also directed dep to develop the statewide flooding and sea level rise resilience plan consisting of ranked projects addressing the risks of flooding and sea-level rise to communities in the state. in order to support the development of standardized statewide sea level rise and flood projections, the legislature created the florida f lood hub for applied research and innovation within the university of south florida (“usf”) college of marine science. usf’s college of marine science will serve as the lead institution to coordinate efforts to inform local governments of potential f lood risks and support applied research and innovation to address flooding and sea -level rise in the state.   regulatory programs and planning – local level:  dep implements programs related to sea-level rise and coastal issues that offer technical assistance and funding to communities to address coastal flooding, erosion, and ecosystem changes , including the beach management funding assistance program and the florida resilient coastlines program. the resilient florida grant program is availabl e to both coastal and inland communities to address current and projected sea -level rise and flooding risks.  on a regional level, broward, miami-dade, monroe, and palm beach counties formed a collaboration, the southeast florida regional climate change compact (the “compact”), to address climate change. the compact’s work includes developing a regional climate action plan and developing a unified sea- level rise projection. local governments in coastal areas are required to have a “perils of flood” coastal management element in their comprehensive plans that uses principles to reduce flood risk and eliminate unsafe development in coastal areas.  for a discussion of the environmental feasibility studies and other evaluations of the potential impacts to the state’s environment, as well as mitigation of such impacts, that the department conducts prior to the construction of new turnpike projects, see “the turnpike system – project development process” above.  information technology security  similar to other large organizations, the state relies on electronic systems and information technologies (“it”) to conduct operations. the st ate maintains a security posture designed to protect data, deter attacks on it infrastructure, and respond to security incidents to minimize the impact on operations.   the state has defended against cyber-attacks in the past, and cyber-attacks are an on-going risk to the state’s it infrastructure and data. despite the state’s robust cybersecurity policies and procedu res designed to protect their data and it infrastructure, no assurance is given that such security measures will prevent cyber -attacks, nor can any assurance be given that any cyber-attacks, if successful, will not have a material impact on state operation s.  the florida digital service (“fds”), created within dms, is the lead entity for cybersecurity for the state and is led by the state chief information officer who is charged with implementing the state’s comprehensive framework for addressing cybersecurity and establishing standards and processes consistent with best practices for it security across all state agencies. the fds is responsible for assessing cybersecurity risks and determining appropriate security measures for state agencies and  local governments; creating and annually updating the statewide cybersecurity strategic plan, including security goals and objectives and performance monitoring; and annually reviewing each state agency’s it security plans. fds is also responsible for maintaining the framework used by state agencies and local governments to conduct risk assessments and reporting of security incidents. within florida’s emergency response capabilities through dem, fds  
 
 
32 established a cybersecurity operation center (“csoc”) that creates a centralized threat clearinghouse and site for incident response coordination. the csoc is staffed by cybersecurity experts that help to monitor threats and vulnerabilities faced by state agencies and local governments during emergency and regular operations. the florida cybersecurity advisory council, comprised of cybersecurity experts from outside of  state government, serves as an additional resource to assist state agencies and local governments by reviewing cybersecurity policies, assessing ongoing and potential risks, assisting the fds in developing cybersecurity best practice and examining inconsi stencies between state and federal law regarding cybersecurity. the office of information technology and the security risk and compliance office within the enterprise are designed to protect data, information, and critical resources related to the enterprise’s toll operations and systems, including sunpass, from a wide range of threats in order to ensure business continuity and minimize business risk to toll operations and related systems. this set of controls includes measures which govern the acquisition, privacy, security, and confidentiality of data, especially highly sensitive data, and the responsibilities of offices and individuals for such data to protect data and information, and it infrastructure, electronic systems, and assets, and to preserve privacy. this set of con trols is monitored, reviewed, and improved, where necessary, to ensure that the specific security and business objectives of the enterprise’s toll operations activities are met. as trustee for the division’s bond programs, the board protects its data and it infrastructure, including dat a and information related to bond programs, through a multifaceted cybersecurity strategy. the board’s cybersecurity  strategy includes a comprehensive set of security policies and procedures, which are designed to guide staff in their cybersecurity responsibilities; a security awareness program, which educates staff on active cybersecurity threats and security best practices; a risk-based threat and vulnerability management program; and a managed threat detection and incident response service which is continuously monitored by a third-party service provider. additionally, the board has implemented access and authentication protocols, which include multi-factor authentication and industry standard encryption to protect data in transit and at rest. as a further precaution, the board’s cybersecurity program is subjected to routine internal audits to evaluate t he effectiveness of the program, as well as annual external audits and penetration testing to identify opportunities to improve its security posture. the board’s cybersecurity strategy is supported by administrative and technical controls, which assist in identifying potential threats and preventing attacks that may target the board’s data and it systems. in the event a cybersecurity issue arises, the board has an incident response capability to quickly address such issues, including comprehensive plans and  external services to assist with incident response, crisis communication, and breach notification management. length: 9467