 
18 
 insurance risk the lease requires that the town provide casualty, public liability and property damage insurance for the leased property in an amount equal to the full replacement value of the leased property.  the town currently maintains the insurance described in “the town—risk management. forward-looking statements this official statement, including but not limited to the sections entitled “certain risk factors,” “town financial operations--budget summary and comparison-general fund,” and any sections referring to interim, unaudited or budgeted information, contains statements relating to future results that are “forward-looking statements” as defined in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.  accordingly, such statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to differ, possibly materially, from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements.    
19 
 climate change  
changing weather patterns have impacted the state, including the town. the impacts include increasing temperatures, more extreme weather patterns, longer periods of drought, and increased wildfires. recent wildfires have been widespread and, in some cases, have occurred near the town. wildfires are a fact of life in the colorado mountains, and significant resources for prevention, management and eradication of fires are provided by a combination of federal, state and local firefighting agencies. it is difficult to predict whether or how a changing climate will impact the town and its finances, but increased wildfire activity could impact the town’s facilities, including the leased property.  extensive wildfire activity in or near the town could impact tourism which may impact revenues from town excise taxes such as sales tax. wildfires could also damage or destroy private properties located in the town.  cybersecurity
 
the town relies on computer systems and technologies to conduct many of its operations. despite security measures, policies and training, the town, like other public and private entities, may be vulnerable to cyber-attacks by third parties. a cyber-attack c o u l d  r e s u l t  i n  a  disruption in the operations of the town and may adversely affect revenues. the town carries cyber security coverage and has protocols in place to protect confidential date and detect unauthorized intrusions.  no assurances can be given that these security measures will successfully prevent all cyber-attacks.  see “certain risk factors – factors that could impact value of property if lease is terminated – construction risk” herein. length: 2586