 
16 millstone nuclear power station and the emergency management office provides direct coordination with dominion/millstone as well as region iv of the connecticut divi sion of emergency management and homeland security.  this includes firewalls, switches, servers, fiber connections and voip phone system.  political subdivisions  the city of groton:  the city of groton (until 1964, the borough of groton) was in corporated in 1903 to provide utilities, sewers, highways, fire and police protection.  the city council also appoints a city attorney, a director of finance and heads of the police, fire, health and public works departments.  the groton long point association:  the groton long point association was incorporated in 1921 to  provide road maintenance and fire and police protection.  the board appoints several other public servants including the police chief and fire marshal.  the mumford cove association contracts with the no ank fire district for fire protection and taxes residents for the cost of this service.  the town collects the taxes and remits them to the noank fire district.  special districts  the mystic fire district:  the mystic fire district was incorporated by the legislature in 1879 to provide fire protection.  
the noank fire district:  the noank fire district was established in 1929 to provide fi re protection.  other app ointed officials are the paid members of the fire department, legal counsel, members of the zoning board of appeals, and the water department personnel. 
 
the poquonnock bridge fire district:  the poquonnock bridge fire district was established in 1943 a nd expanded in area in 1962, to provide fire protection.  voters elect a clerk, tre asurer and a seven-member executive committee which then appoints the fire chief, deputy chief, fire marshal, fire inspe ctor and twenty full-time firemen.  the center groton fire district:  the center groton fire district was organized in 1960.  the president and the board of directors appoint five fire officials. there are no services provided other than fire protection.  the old mystic fire district:  the old mystic fire district was established in 1961 and prov ides fire protection.  the directors appoint a tax collector and two fire  marshals. beginning in july, 1991, the town of groton began collecting taxes for those residents who reside on the groton s ide of the old mystic fire district.  the west pleasant valley fire district:  the west pleasant valley fire district was established in 196 1, elects a president, vice president, secretary, treasurer and a five-member board of directors. there are no appointed committees or employees and fire service is contracted from the city of groton. length: 2718