  includes the flood control district levy.00%of county's total avav as percentage 
40 other county considerations  
the following section discusses some of the other factors affecting the county.   the following discussion cannot, however, describe all of the factors that could affect the county .  in addition to these known factors, other factors could affect the county.    cybersecurity the county, like many other large public and private entities, relies on a complex technology environment to conduct its operations and support the community it serves.  the county has invested in cybersecurity protections in recent years that include staffing, a restructure of its security office, technology tools; and policies, standards, and processes.  notwithstanding these and other cybersecurity measures, a cybersecurity breach could damage county systems and cause material disruption to operations and services.  security breaches could expose the county to litigation and other legal risks, which could cause the county to incur costs related to legal or regulatory claims.  since 2015, the county has maintained cyber liability insurance to help offset these financial risks.  see “king county —risk management and insurance.”  climate change and the county’s strategic climate action plan  there are potential risks to the county associated with long- term changes in climate and associated changes in the frequency, timing, and severity of extreme weather events.  expected impacts include sea level rise, more intense heavy rain events, more intense summer heat events, lower and warmer summer streamflows, ocean acidification, and an increased risk of flooding, drought, landslides, and forest fires.  the county is preparing for a changing climate and the resulting economic, infrastructure, health, and other community impacts by integrating consideration of climate change into decision making and implementing mitigati on and preparedness actions that enhance the resilience of county services, infrastructure, assets, and natural resources.   the county’s strategic climate action plan (“scap”)  is a five-year blueprint for county action to confront climate change, integrating climate change into all areas of county operations and its work in the community.  in 2015, the county updated the scap and strengthened initiatives to reduce greenhouse ga s (“ghg”) emissions and prepare for the impacts of climate change in county operations and throughout the community.  in 2020, the scap underwent  another five-year update, including a review of targets, measures, and priority actions for reducing ghg emiss ions,  
41 updates to strategies and priority actions to prepare for climate change impacts, and a new section and priority actions focused on supporting resilience in communities disproportionately impacted by climate change.  goals of the 2020 scap include (i) further reducing regional ghg emissions; (ii) taking action to prepare the county’s infrastructure, services, and communities for climate change impacts; and (iii) identifying new opportunities to take action on climate solutions that achieve social, economic , and environmental benefits for communities in the county.  policies and actions to support these goals have been  developed around transportation, energy, public health, emergency preparedness, housing, food security, and more.gov/climate .  while the county cannot predict precisely how, when, and where specific climate impacts will occur, there have been and will be climate impacts on the county.  although the county has not yet developed a methodology for precisely quantifying the impact climate change will have on the county, its population, or its operations, based on current county projections, the county anticipates that the costs could be significant and could have a material adverse ef fect on the county’s finances over time by requiring greater expenditures to prepare for, respond to, and counteract the effects of climate change.   seismic risk the county is located above or near a number of geological faults capable of generating signi ficant earthquakes.  the puget sound region is characterized by geotechnical conditions that could result in areas of liquefaction and landslide in an earthquake.  the county is not obligated to maintain earthquake insurance on its facilities, and the county does not now and does not plan to maintain earthquake insurance sufficient to replace its facilities. length: 4471