 
 
market and risk factors  
 
there are various forms of risk associated with investing in the notes .  the following i s a discussion of certain 
events that could affect the risk of investing in the notes .  in addition to the events cited herein, there are other 
potential risk factors t hat an investor must consider.  in order to make an informed investment de cision, an inv estor 6 should be thoroughly familiar with the entire official statement, including its appendices, as well as all areas of 
potential investment risk.  
 
the financial and economic condition of the district  as well as the market for the notes  could be affected  by a 
variety of factors, some of which are beyond the district ’s control.  there can be no assurance that adverse events in 
the state and in other jurisdictions, inclu ding, for example, the seeking by a municipality or large taxable property  
owner of reme dies pursuant to the federal bankruptcy code or otherwise, will not occur which might affect the 
market price of and the market for the notes .  
 
there are a number of general factors which could have a detrimental effect on the ability of  the district  to continue 
to generate revenues, particularly property taxe s.  these factors may have an effect on 
the market price of the notes . the city continues to evaluate various options to 
mitigate the impact o f covid -19 on the city’s finances, including, if necessary, cash flow borr owings, reduct ions 
of budgeted expenditures, and eligibility for federal or state aid for covid -19 related costs and revenue losses.  
 
if a holder elects to sell his investment prior to its scheduled maturity date, market access or price risk may be 
incurre d.  in 
addition, the price and principal value of the notes  is dependent on the prevailing level of i nterest rates; if interest 
rates rise, the price of a bond or note will de cline, causing  the bondholder or noteholder to incur a potential capital 
loss if such bond or note is sold prior to its maturity.  
 
the tax levy  limitation law, which imposes a tax levy limitation upon municipali ties, school d istricts and fire 
districts in the state, including the district  and continuing technical and constitutional issues raised by its enactment 
and implementation could hav e an impact upon the finances and operations of the district  and hence upo n the 
market p rice of the notes .   as such, it may face mul tiple cybersec urity threats including but not limited to, hacking, 
viruses, malware and other attacks on computer or other sensitive digital systems and networks.   to mitigate the 
risks of impact on the district operations and/or damage from cyber incident s or cyber -attacks, the district has 
invested in cybersecurity and other operational controls.   while the district continues to re view its policies and 
practices  in this regard, ther e can be no assurances that such security and operational control measures  will be 
compl etely successful to guard against and prevent cyber threats and attacks.  
 
cybersecurity  
 
the district,  like many  other  public  and private  entities,  relies  on technology  to conduct  its operations.  as a 
recipient and provider of personal, private, or sensitiv e information, the district faces multiple cyber threats 
including, but no t limited  to, hacking,  viruses,  malware  and other  attacks  on computer  and other  sensitive  digital  
networks  and systems. to mitigate the risk of business operations impact and/or dama ge from cyber incidents or 
cyber -attacks, the district invests in various forms of cyber security and operational controls; however, no 
assurances can be given that such security and operational control measures will be completely successful to guard 
agains t cyber threats and attacks. length: 3819