  
 
economic and other factors beyond the district’s control, such as general market decline in 
property values, the outbreak of disease, disruption in financial markets that may reduce availability of 
financing for purchasers of property, reclassification of property to a class exempt from taxation, whether 
by ownership or use (such as exemptions fo r property owned by the state and local agencies and property 
used for qualified education, hospital, charitable or religious purposes), or the complete or partial 
destruction of the taxable property caused by a natural or manmade disaster, such as earthqu ake, flood, fire 
(including wildfire), drought, sea level rise, climate change, landslide, or toxic contamination, could cause 
a reduction in the assessed value of taxable property within the district.  see “ the bonds  – security and sources of payment” and “district financial 
information – considerations regarding covid -19” herein.  
drought.   in recent years california has experienced severe drought conditions. in january of 2014, 
the governor declared a statewide drought state of emergency.  in april 2017, the governor lifted the drought emergency declaration, while 
retaining a prohibition on wasteful practices and advancing conservation measures.  in april 2021, the 
governor announced regional drought emergencies in two northern california counties following two 
years of dry conditions.  on may 10, 2021, the governor expanded the emergency drought declaration to 
include an additional 39 counties throughout the state.  on october 19, 2021,  the governor extended the 
declaration to include all remaining counties, including the county, such that the drought state of emergency 
is now in effect statewide.  on march 28, 2022, the governor issued executive order n0 -27-22, which 
directed the water board to issue drought regulations, including a recommendation to have urban water 
suppliers initiate water shortage contingency plans.  
wildfire.   major wildfires have occurred in recent years in different regions of the state, including 
in the fall of 202 0 and in the summer of 2021.  the district did not sustain any property losses as a result 
of wildfires.  however, serious and significant property damage has resulted in other areas of the state due 
to fire damage.  the governor has previously signed a nu mber of measures into law intended to address a 
variety of issues related to mitigating the risk of wildfires, including forest management, mutual aid for fire 
departments, emergency alerts and other safety mandates.   
climate change.   in addition to the e vents described above, climate change caused by human 
activities may have adverse effects on the assessed value of property within the district.  as greenhouse 
gas emissions continue to accumulate in the atmosphere as a result of economic activity, many sc ientists 
expect that climate change will intensify, increasing the frequency, severity and timing of extreme weather 
events such as coastal storm surges, drought, wildfires, floods, heat waves, and rising sea levels.  see also 
“—drought,” and “ —wildfires” above.  projections of the impact of global climate change are complex 
and depend on a variety of factors outside of the district’s control.  the various scientific studies that 
forecast the amount and timing of adverse impacts of climate change are based on assumptions contained 
in such studies, but actual events may vary materially.  in addition, the scientific understanding of climate 
change and its effects continues to evolve.  accordingly, the district is unable to forecast with certainty 
when or if ad verse impacts of climate change will occur or the extent of such impacts.  
in addition to the above -described taxpayer appeals, county assessors may independ ently reduce 
assessed valuations based on changes in the market value of property, or for other factors such as the 
complete or partial destruction of taxable property caused by natural or man -made disasters such as 
earthquakes, drought, floods, fire (incl uding wildfire), outbreak of disease, landslide, or toxic contamination 
pursuant to relevant provisions of the state constitution.  once property has regained its prior assessed value, adju sted for inflation, it once again is subject 
to the annual inflationary growth rate factor allowed under article xiiia. length: 4395