” certain investment considerations 
the purchase and ownership of the series 2013 bonds involve investment risk and may not be suitable for all investors.  the factors set forth herein, among others, may affect the security for and/or trading value of the series 2013 bonds.  the information herein does not purport to be a comprehensive or exhaustive discussion of all risks or other considerations that may be relevant to an investment in the series 2013 bonds.  there can be no assurance that other risks or considerations  not discussed herein are or will not become material in the future. demand for air travel the senior bonds are payable solely from net pledged revenues and other available funds. air travel demand has historically correlated to the national economy, generally, and consumer income and business profits in particular.  th ere can be no assurance that such conditions will not adversely affect demand for travel.  for a discussion of the effect of the national and international economy on demand for air travel, see appendix a – “report of the airport consultant.” the level of aviation activity and enplaned passenger traffic at lax depend upon a number of factors including those discussed above and other economic and political conditions; international hostilities; world health concerns; aviation security concerns including incidents of terrorism; accidents involving commercial passenger aircraft; airline service and routes; airline airfares and competition; airline industry economics, including labor relations, fuel prices, aging aircraft fleets and other factors discussed in more detail under “—financial condition of the airlines” below; capacity of the national air traffic co ntrol and airport systems; competition from other airports; reliability of air service; business travel substitutes, including teleconferencing, videoconferencing and web-casting; and the capacity, availability and convenience of service at lax, among others.  see also “—effect of concessionaire bankruptcies.” many of these factors are outside the department’s control.  changes in demand, decreases in aviation activity and their potential effects on enplaned passe nger traffic at lax may result in reduced net pledged revenues, subordinate pledged revenues and pfc revenues.  a number of these factors are discussed in appendix a – “report of the airport consultant.  the economic condition of the industry is volatile, and the aviation industry has undergone significan t changes, including mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies and closures in recent years.  further, the aviation industry is sensitive to a variety of factors, including the cost and  
- 31 - availability of labor, fuel, aircraft, supplies and insurance;  general economic conditions; international trade; currency values; competitive considerations, including the effects of airline ticket pricing; traffic and airport capacity constraints; governmental regulation, including security regulations and taxes imposed on airlines and passengers, and maintenance and environmental requirements; passenger demand for air travel; strikes and other union activities; availability of financing; and disruptions caused by airline accidents, criminal incidents and acts of war or terrorism. due to the discretionary nature of business and personal travel spending, airline passenger traffic and revenues are heavily influenced by the state of the na tional economy (see the factors discussed in “—demand for air travel” above), other regional and world economies, business profitability, security concerns and other factors. bankruptcy code.  see “—effect of airline bankruptcies.” faced with the proliferation of competition and with evolving business technology, legacy airlines (such as united airlines, delta air lines, american airlines and us  airways) have been forced to change their business practices, including reducing or eliminating service on unprofitable routes, reducing their work forces, implementing pay cuts, reducing fares, deferring aircraft deliveries, streamlining operations, merging with other airlines and significantly increasing the use of smaller, regional jets.  airfares have become easier to compare, which has made pricing and marketing among airlines more competitive. the price of fuel has been a significant cost factor for the airline industry and significantly affects airline earnings.  fuel prices are particularly sensitive to worldwide political instability, economic uncertainties and increased demand from developing economies, production disruption and regulations.  some of the airlines that sought bankruptcy protection have cited high fuel prices as a contributing factor in their bankruptcy filings.  airlines have also used increased fuel prices as a justification for increases in airfare, checked baggage fees and other extra surcharges, all of which may have a negative effect on the demand for air travel. the aviation industry is cyclical and subject to intense competition and variable demand.  traffic volumes are responsive to a number of factors described above under “—demand for air travel.”   effect of airline bankruptcies a number of airlines that served or are currently serving lax have filed for bankruptcy in the past and may do so in the future.0% of revenue landed weight at lax in fiscal year 2012, filed for bankruptcy protection in 2011.  see “airline industry informat ion – american airlines bankruptcy.”  bankruptcies of airlines operating at lax have resulted in reductions of service levels, even in cases where such airlines continued to operate in bankruptcy.  additional bankruptcies, liquidations or major restructurings of other airlines could occur.  it is not possible to predict the impact on lax of the recent, potential and any future bankruptcies, liquidations or major restructurings of other airlines.  
- 32 - in the event an airline that has executed an agreemen t with the department and/or the city seeks protection under the bankruptcy laws, such airline or its bankruptcy trustee must determine whether to assume or reject its agreements with the department and/or the city (i) within 12 0 days or later, if ordered by the court, with respect to its use agreements or leases of non-residential real property, but in no event more than 210 days unless additional time is agreed to in writing by the department or the city or  (ii) prior to the confirmation of a plan of reorganization with respect to any other agreement.  the department is unable to predict whether any leases of non-residential real property with any airlines in bankruptcy proceedings may be assigned to third parties in the course of bankruptcy proceedings. bankruptcy code generally to the amounts unpaid prior to bankruptcy plus the greater of (1) one year of rent or (2) 15% of the total remaining lease payments, not to exceed three years. bankruptcy code.  except for costs allocated to any such airline for post-petition usage and rental of the terminal, concourse and ramps, amounts unpaid as a result of a rejection of a use or other agreement in connection with an airline in bankruptcy, such as airfield costs, would be passed on to the remaining airlines under their respective use agreements, although th ere can be no assurance that such other airlines would be financially able to absorb the additional costs.  additionally, during the pendency of a bankruptcy proceeding, and until assumption or rejection of the affect ed agreements, a debtor airline may not, absent a court order, make any payments to the city or the department on account of goods and services provided prior to the bankruptcy.  the bankruptcy courts have not fully addressed such trust arrangements.  therefore, the department cannot predict how a bankruptcy court might rule on this matter in the event of a bankruptcy filing by one of the airlines operating at lax.  it is possible that the department could be held to be an unsecured creditor with respect to unremitted pfc revenues held by an airline that has filed for bankruptcy protection.  additionally, the department cannot predict whether an airline operating at lax that files for bankruptcy protection would have properly accounted for the pfc revenues owed to the department or whether the bankruptcy estate would have sufficient moneys to pay the department in full for the pfc revenues owed by such airline. with respect to an airline in bankruptcy proceedings in a foreign country, the department is unable to predict what types of orders and/or relief could be issued by foreign bankruptcy tribunals nor the extent to which any such orders would be enforceable in the united st ates.  see also “airline industry information – american airlines bankruptcy.” there may be other possible effects of a bankruptcy of an airline that could result in delays or reductions in revenues received by the department and potentially in delays or reductions in payments on the series 2013 bonds.  regardless of any specific adverse determinations in an airline bankruptcy proceeding, the fact of an airline bankruptcy proceeding could have an adverse effect on  the liquidity and value of the series 2013 bonds. length: 9202