  certain risk factors the purchase of the 2023 bonds involves special risks and the 2023 bonds may not be appropriate investments for all types of investors .  each prospective investor is encouraged to read this official statement in its entirety and to give particular attention to the factors described below, which, among other factors discussed herein, could affect the payment of the 2023 bonds and could affect the market price of the 2023 bonds to an extent that cannot be determined at this time.  the following does not purport to be an exhaustive or definitive listing of risks and other considerations which may be relevant to investing in the 2023 bonds.  in addition, the order in which the following information is presented is not intended to reflect the relative importance of such risks.  there can be no assurance that other risk factors not discussed herein will not become material in the future.  although such expenditures are largely discretionary, the failure to continue capital expenditures could result in a loss of competitive position.” 7 
 risks related to system operations  the ability of the system to meet its payment obligations will depend upon the continued availability to the system of revenues from a variety of sources sufficient to meet such obligations, the system’s operating expenses, debt service on other debt, extraordinary costs or expenses which may occur and other costs and expenses.  the system operates in a competitive market 
for students with other educational institutions.  as registration fees and tuition costs have risen, so has the demand for financial aid.  see “security for the 2023 bonds – student fees – student registration fees,” “the system – student body” and “student financial aid.  descriptions of the system’s operations and other factors 8 
 that will affect the system’s ability to meet its payment obligations under the bond resolution are contained in “the system” and “system financial information.   bankruptcy, federal lien power and police power.  the enforceability of the 
rights and remedies of the owners of the 2023 bonds and the obligations incurred by the system in issuing the 2023 bonds are subject to the federal bankruptcy code and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, now or hereafter in effect; usual equity principles which may limit the specific enforcement under state law of certain remedies; the exercise by the united states of america of the powers delegated to it by the federal constitution; the power of the federal government to impose liens in certain situations; and the reasonable and necessary exercise, in certain exceptional situations, of the police power inherent in the sovereignty of the state and its governmental bodies in the interest of serving a significant and legitimate public purpose.   bankruptcy proceedings or the exercise of powers by the federal or state government, if initiated, could subject the owners of the 2023 bonds to judicial discretion and interpretation of their rights in bankruptcy or otherwise, and consequently may entail risks of delay, limitation or modification of their rights. length: 3246