  bondholders’ risks an investment in the bonds involves an element of risk.  in order t o identify risk factors and make an informed investment decision, potential investors should be thoroughly familiar with this entire off icial statement (including the appendices hereto) in order to make a judgment as to whether the bonds are an appropriate  investment.  a number of factors could prevent the receipt of or reduce the amount of available net revenues for payment of debt service on the bonds, the outstanding bonds and any parity obligations, including, but not limited to, the failure by certain users to pay their bills when and as due.  the ability of the issuer to generate sufficient net revenues is dependent upon a number of conditions and risk factors that are unpredictable including general economic conditions.  prospective purchasers of the bonds should be aware that investment in the bonds  entails some degree of risk.  particular attention should be given to the factors described below which, among others, could affect the payment of debt service on the bonds  and which could also affect the market price of the bonds to an extent that cannot be determined.  this discussion of risk factors is not, and is not intended to be, exhaustive.  while it is believed that net revenues will be sufficient to pay debt service on the bonds (and the outstanding bonds and any parity obligations) when due, a number of other factors described below, or factors not presently anticipated, may affect the receipt of sufficient revenues for such purposes.  general factors that may affect sufficiency of net revenues   the issuer is obligated to pay debt service on the bonds solely from net revenues generated by the operation of the utility and from amounts on deposit in the sinking fund and reserve fund.   a number of factors may have an adverse effect on the receipt of monies in an amount sufficient to pay operating and maintenance expenses of the utility as well as debt service on the bonds.  these include potential adverse changes in the economic condition of the issuer or the utility, including potential decreases in population that may arise from decisions by employers located in and around the issuer to relocate their operations elsewhere; periodic fluctuations in demand; potential unemployment at a level that would preclude residents of the issuer  from paying sufficient user fees in order to support the operations of the utility and the payment of debt service on the bonds; and increased emphasis on and adoption by the general population of conservation measures; the loss of any of the major users may also have an adverse impact on the net revenues of the utility.  factors affecting such expenses include increased costs of equipment and labor.  natural disaster  the utility is subject to interruption and loss of business in the event of a disaster, such as a windstorm, fire, explosion, sabotage and other events not now foreseen.  in addition, failure to comply with regulatory changes, or the inability to comply with  regulatory changes, in a timely manner could cause portions of the utility  to become unavailable resulting in a loss of or disruption of services negatively impacting net revenues.  general economic factors the ability of the utility to generate sufficient net revenues is subject to general economic factors that may impact both the costs of operating the utility and demand by customers of the utility.   examples of these economic factors include increased operation and maintenance costs, adverse demographic changes in the utility’s service area, reduction in consumption patterns by customers, and a decrease in financial means by which customers pay their bills.   any or a combination of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the ut ility to produce sufficient net revenues for payment of the bonds , the outstanding bonds and any parity obligations. length: 3952