 
risk of decline in property values.  assessments may also be 
appealed by taxpayers seeking a reduction as a result of economic and other factors beyond the district’s 
control, such as a general market decline in property values, including potential market declines caused 
by the effects of a reclassification of property to a class exempt from taxation, whether by ownership or 
use (such as exemptions for property owned by state and local agencies and property used for qualified 
educational, hospital, charitable or religious purposes), pandemic, or the complete or partial destruction of 
taxable property caused by natural or manmade disaster, such as earthquake, drought, flood, landslide, 
liquefaction, levee failure, fire, toxic dumping, etc. 
risk of changing economic conditions.   property values could be reduced by factors beyond 
the district’s control, including a depressed real estate market due to general economic conditions in the 
county, the region, and the state. 
risk of climate change.   the change in the earth’s average atmospheric temperature, generally 
referred to as “climate change,” is expected to, among other things, increase the frequency of extreme 
weather events.  the direct risks posed by climate change currently include or are expected to include 
more extreme heat events, increased incidence of wildfire and drought, rising sea levels, changes in 
precipitation levels, including flooding, and more intense storms.  as greenhouse gas emissions continue 
to accumulate, climate change will intensify and increase the frequency of such extreme weather events.  the district cannot predict the timing, extent, or severity of climate change and its 
impact on property values in the district.   
risk of earthquake.  the most notable 
earthquake faults in the region include the san andreas and calaveras-hayward faults.  property values 
could be reduced by the complete or partial destruction of taxable property as a result of an earthquake. 
risk of drought.   most recently, the state has experienced periods of extreme precipitation, after 
having experienced severe drought conditions that led to the governor of california (the “governor”) 
declaring a statewide drought emergency in spring 2021.  while the statewide drought emergency is still in effect in all 58 counties, the 
governor has directed state agencies to provide recommendations on the state’s drought response actions 
by the end of april 2023 once there is greater clarity about the state’s hydrologic conditions.  the district 
cannot predict the extent to which drought conditions within the county or any of the adjoining counties 
could cause reduced economic activity within the boundaries of the district or the extent to which drought 
conditions may impact district facilities or the assessed value of taxable property within the district. 
risk of wildfire.   property damage due to wildfire could result in significant damage to, 
destruction of, and significant decreases in the assessed value of taxable property within the boundaries of 
the district, as well as in damage to or destruction of district facilities and property.  in recent years, 
portions of the state, including the county and adjacent counties, have experienced wildfires that have 
burned thousands of acres and destroyed thousands of homes and structures.  notable incidents that have 
impacted the county and adjacent counties in recent years include the waverly fire, crews fire and scu 
lightning complex fires.  within the boundaries of the district, no facilities or property was damaged or 
destroyed by said wildfires or other recent wildfires.  the adjacent counties of contra costa, san joaquin, 
santa clara and stanislaus have also been impacted by the wildfires mentioned above.  the district 
cannot predict the extent to which any future wildfires within the district, the county, or any of the 
adjoining counties could cause reduced economic activity within the boundaries of the district or the 
extent to which wildfires may impact district facilities or the assessed value of taxable property within 
the district. 
the second type of appeal, commonly referred to as a proposition 8 appeal (which proposition 8 
was approved by the voters in 1978), can result if factors occur causing a decline in the market value of 
the property to a level below the property’s then current taxable value (escalated base year value). length: 4446