 
  -24- 
     
 litigation and claims there is no controversy or litigation of any nature no w pending or, to the knowledge of the municipality, threatened to restrain or enjoin the sale, issuance, execution or delivery of the notes or affecting the validity of the notes or any proceedings of the municipality taken with resp ect to the sale or issuance thereof, or the pledge or application of any moneys or security provided for the pa yment of the notes, or the existence or powers of the municipality. upon delivery of the notes, the municipality will furnish a certificate, in form satisfactory to note counsel, to the effect that, among other things, there is no litigation pe nding in any court to restrain or enjoin the issuance or delivery of the notes or in any way contesting the validity or enforceability of the notes. certain investment considerations prospective purchasers of the notes should consider the matters set forth below as well as other information contained in this official statement in eval uating an investment in the notes. this section does not purport to be a comprehensive list or description of all potential risks which, if realized, could adversely affect the payment or the value of the notes. the order of presentation of these factors below is not intended to create any implication as to the relative importance of any one risk factor over another.  seismic, volcanic, wildfires and climate change the state contains many regions of seismic activity , with frequent small earthquakes and occasionally moderate and larger earthquakes. a 1964 earthquake with its epicenter in southcentral alaska measuring 9.2 on the richter scale was the most powerful earthquake recorded in  north american history, and the second most powerful in world history, causing over 130 deaths. certain soil type s and property located in certain areas of the state could become subject to liquefaction and could result in land slides following a major earthquake and any aftershocks. areas of the state also could experience the effects of a tsunami following a major earthquake.  areas of the state have experienced drought conditions  and increased wildfire activity. warmer and drier summer conditions increase the risk of wildfires that may threaten the health, economy, and environment of the state and municipality by creating unhealthy air quality  levels, threatening infrastructure, businesses, and residences, destroying natural resources, and damaging wildlife habitat.  climate change poses potential risks to the state and municipality and their finances and operations. extreme weather events can result in droughts, wildfires, floods, and other natural disasters. climate change may also affect population migration and shifts in economic activities such as agriculture, fishing, and construction of facilities and roads on permafrost and ice. no assurance can  be given that climate change will not have a material adverse effect on the finances and operations of the state and municipality.  cybersecurity the municipality relies on a complex technology environment to conduct its operations.  a cybersecurity breach could damage the systems and cause material disruption to operations and services.  security breaches could expose the municipality to litigation and other legal risks, which could cause the muni cipality to incur costs related to legal or regulatory claims.  bankruptcy the enforceability of the rights and remedies of the note holders may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws and equitable principles relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally.  municipalities in th e state of alaska are not currently authorized by state law to file for voluntary bankruptcy under chapter 9 of the united states bankruptcy code.  potential purchasers of the notes should consult their own attorneys and advisors in assessing the risk and the likelihood of recovery in the event the municipality becomes a debtor in a bankruptcy case prior to the time the notes are paid in full.    in addition to the limitations on remedies contained in the note ordinance, the rights and obligations under the notes and the note ordinance may be limited by and are subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium, and other laws relating to or affecting creditors’ rights, to the application of equitable principles, and to the exercise of judicial discretion in appropriate cases. bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar event of the municipality; 13. incurrence of a financial obligation of the municipality, if material, or agreement to covenants, events of default, remedies, priority rights, or other similar terms of a financial obligation of the municipality, any of which affect security holders, if material; and . length: 4878