  unless a nonrecognition provision of the code applies, the sale, exchange, redemption, defeasance, retirement (including pursuant to an offer by the regents) or other disposition of a 2013 taxable security, will be a taxable event for u. holder of a 2013 taxable security will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between (i) the amount of cash plus the fair market value of property received (except to the extent attributable to accrued but unpaid interest on the 2013 taxable security which will be taxed in the manner described above) and (ii) the u. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the 2013 taxable security (generally, the purchase price paid by the u. holder for the 2013 taxable security, decreased by any amortized premium). any such gain or loss generally will be capital gain or loss. the deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.  subject to the discussion below under the heading “information reporting and backup withholding,” payments of principal of, and interest on, any 2013 taxable security to a non-u. holder, other than (1) a controlled foreign corporation, as such term is defined in the code, which is related to the regents through stock ownership and (2) a bank which acquires such 2013 taxable security in consideration of an extension of credit made pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business, will not be subject to any u. withholding tax provided that the beneficial owner of the 2013 taxable security provides a certification completed in compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements, which requirements are discussed below under the heading “information reporting and backup withholding,” or an exemption is otherwise established. holder upon the sale, exchange, redemption, retirement (including pursuant to an offer by the regents) or  
 19 other disposition of a 2013 taxable security generally will not be subject to u.  a 2013 taxable security that is held by an individual who at the time of death is not a citizen or resident of the united states will not be subject to u. federal estate tax as a result of such individual’s death, provided that at the time of such individual’s death, payments of interest with respect to such 2013 taxable security would not have been effectively connected with the conduct by such individual of a trade or business within the united states. information reporting and “backup withholding” requirements apply to certain payments of principal of, and interest on the 2013 taxable securities, and to proceeds of the sale, exchange, redemption, retirement (including pursuant to an offer by the regents) or other disposition of a 2013 taxable security, to certain noncorporate holders of 2013 taxable securities that are united states persons. treasury regulations, payments of principal and interest on any 2013 taxable securities to a holder that is not a united states person will not be subject to any backup withholding tax requirements if the beneficial owner of the 2013 taxable security or a financial institution holding the 2013 taxable security on behalf of the be neficial owner in the ordinary course of its trade or business provides an appropriate certification to the payor and the payor does not have actual knowledge that the certification is false. treasury regulations pays the proceeds of the sale of a bond to the seller of the 2013 taxable security, backup withholding and information reporting requirements will not apply to such payment provided that such broker derives less than 50% of its gross income for certain specified periods from the conduct of a trade or business within the united states, is not a controlled foreign corporation, as such term is defined in the code, and is not a foreign partnership (1) one or more of the partners of which, at any time during its tax year, are u. moreover, the payment by a foreign office of other brokers of the proceeds of the sale of a 2013 taxable security, will not be subject to backup withholding unless the payer has actual knowledge that the payee is a u. office of a broker of the proceeds of a sale of a 2013 taxable security, is subject to backup withholding requirements unless the beneficial owner provides the nominee, custodian, agent or broker with an appropriate certification as to its non-u. length: 4334