  the future financial condition of the university could be adversely affected by, among other things, changes in the method and amount of payments to the university, the financial viability of the costs of a college education, increased competition from other colleges and universities, the costs associated with providing a college education, demand for such programs, future changes in the economy and demographic changes.  these factors and others may adversely affect the system and/or the board’s ability to generate sufficient revenues to provide for payment of principal and interest on the series 2023a bonds.   the following statements should not be considered a complete description of all risks to be considered before purchasing the series 2023a bonds, nor should the order of the presentation of such risks be construed to reflect the relative importance of the various risks. the university’s ability to generate revenues and its overall financial condition may also be adversely affected by other future events or conditions, including those described in other risk factors disclosed herein, increased competition from other schools, loss of accreditation of the university ’s programs, failure of the university to meet applicable federal guidelines or some other event which results in students of the university being ineligible for federal or state financial aid.  that said, the state has experienced adverse economic conditions in several recent years which have resulted in significant shortfalls between the state’s general fund revenues and spending demands for certain years .  additionally, various factors outside the board’s control may materially alter the funding levels from the state and the timing of the university’s receipt of state appropriated funds and, in each case, such changes could, individually or in the aggregate, be material and adverse to the financial condition of the university  and the system.  many factors affect the economy, including rates of employment and economic growth and the level of residential and commercial development in the multiples communities in which the university operates. risks related to higher education there are a number of factors affecting institutions of higher education in general that could have an adverse effect on the university. these factors include, but are not limited to, the continuing rising costs of providing higher education services; the failure to maintain or increase in the future the funds obtained by university from other sources, including gifts and contributions from donors, grants or appropriations from governmental bodies and income from investment of endowment funds; adverse resul ts from the investment of endowment funds; increasing costs of compliance with federal or state regulatory laws or regulations, including, without limitation, laws or regulations concerning environmental quality, work safety and accommodating the physically challenged; changes in federal governmental policy relating to the reimbursement of overhead costs of government contracts; material changes in unionization of the university’s work force with consequent impact on wage scales and operating costs of the u niversity; and  
8
 
 legislation or regulations which may affect student aid and other program funding. the board cannot assess or predict the ultimate effect of these factors on the university or the system. cybersecurity computer networks and data transmission and collection are vital to the efficient operation of the university. despite the implementation of network security measures by the university, its information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to deliberate attacks by hackers, malware, ransomware, or computer viruses, or may otherwise be breached due to employee error, malfeasance, or other disruptions. although the university does not believe that its information technology systems are at a materially greater risk of cybersecurity attacks than other similarly -situated entities, any such disruption, access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in reputational damage to the university and may have an adverse effect on the university ’s operations and financial condition. further, as cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, the university may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify and strengthen security measures, investigate, and remediate any vulnerabilities, or invest in new technology designed to mitigate security risks.  the university currently maintains cybersecurity insurance in line with similarly situated entities.  there can be no assurance that said insurance would cover, or sufficiently cover, any future cybersecurity attacks nor is there any assurance that said insurance will remain available, or remain available at commercially reasonable prices, in the future. risks related to system operations net revenues of the system and student tuition and fees will depend in part on the level of operating and maintenance expenses incurred in operating the system, including the normal course cost s of the system’s workforce, vendors, suppliers and materials and any extraordinary or unanticipated costs or expenses which may occur. adequacy of insurance the university insures the system against certain risks. length: 5337