  the city experienced minor revenue loss in regard to recreational activities, and hotel/motel tax; however, those reductions appear to be bouncing back to pre -pandemic levels. the notes are secured by an unlimited ad valorem property tax as described mo re fully in the “the notes - source of security for the notes” herein.  loss of tax base  economic and other factors beyond the city’s control, such as economic recession, deflation of property values, or financial difficulty or bankruptcy by one or more major property taxpayers, or the complete or partial destruction of taxable property caused by, among other eventualities, earthquake, flood, fire or other natural disaster, could cause a reduction in the assessed value within the co rporate boundaries of the city.  in addition, the state of iowa has been susceptible to tornados, derecho, flooding and other extreme weather wherein  winds and flooding have from time to time caused significant damage, which if such events were to occur, may have an adverse impac t on the city’s financial position.  each prospective purchaser is responsible for assessing the merits and risks of an investment the notes and must be able to bear the economic risk of s uch investment. the opinion, to be delivered concurrently with the delivery of the notes , will be qualified as to the enforceability of the various legal instruments by limitations imposed by general principals of equity and public policy and by bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally.   ratings loss   moody’s investors service, inc.  accordingly, such statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to differ, possibly materially, from those contemplated in su ch forward-looking  6 statements.  tax matters and loss of tax exemption  as discussed under the heading “tax matters” herein, the interest on the notes could become includable in gross income for purposes of federal income taxation retroactive to the date of delivery of the notes , as a result of acts or omissions of the issuer in violation of its covenants in the note resolution.  the ice enforcement initiatives impose various p enalties for non-compliance, including the loss of state and/or federal funding under certain circumstances.  the loss of state and/or federal  funds in any significant amount could negatively impact certain of the projects financed with the notes , the issuer’s overall financial position, and potentially its rating.   see “the notes  - source of security for the notes” herein.  cybersecurity  the issuer, like many other public and private entities, relies on a large and complex technology environment to conduct its operations . as such, it may face multiple cybersecurity threats including but not limited to, hacking, viruses, malw are and other attacks on computer or other sensitive digital systems and networks. there can be no assurances that any security and operational control measures i mplemented by the issuer will be completely successful to guard against and prevent cyber thre ats and attacks.  failure to property maintain functionality,  7 control, security, and integrity of the issuer’s information systems could impact business operations and/or digital networks and systems and the costs of remedying any such damage could be significant.   along with significant liability claims or regulatory penalties, any security breach could have a material adverse impact on the issuer’s operations and financial condition.   the city is a member of westcom for police, fire and public safety communications along with the communities of clive, norwalk, waukee and west des moines, iowa.  the network was immediately shut down and an investigation into the cyber -attack completed.  public safety services (police, fire, emergency medical services and westcom 911 dispatch) were operational after the attack.  no city files or data was compromised as a result of the cyber -attack on westcom .     the issuer has a $1 million cyber-insurance policy.  the issuer cannot predict whether this policy will be sufficient in the event of a cyberattack.  however, the notes are secured by an unlimited ad valorem property tax as described more fully in the “ the notes - source of security for the notes” herein.  however, the notes  are secured by an unlimited ad valorem property tax as described more fully in the “ the notes - source of security for the notes” herein.  bankruptcy  the rights and remedies available to holders of the notes  may be limited by and are subject to the provisions of federal bankruptcy laws, to other laws or equitable principles that may affect the enforcement of creditor’s rights, to the exercise of judicia l discretion in appropriate cases and to limitations in legal remedies against exercise of judicial discretion in appropria te cases and to limitations on legal remedies against municipal corporations in the state of iowa. if the issuer were to file a petition under chapter 9 of the bankruptcy code, the owners of the notes could be prohibited from taking any steps to enforce their rights under the  note resolution.16a, as amended, a city, county, or other political subdivision may become a debtor under chapter 9 of the federal bankruptcy code, if it is rendered insolvent, as defined in 11 u. length: 5352