 6 market  and risk factors  
 
the financial and economic condition of the village as well as the market for the bonds could be affected by a variety 
of factors, s ome of which are beyond the village’s control.  there can be no assurance that adverse events in the state 
and in other jurisdictions, including, for example, the seeking by a municipality or large taxable property owner of 
remedies pursuant to the federal  bankruptcy code or otherwise, will not occur which might affect the market price 
of and the market for the bonds.  (see “financial factors -revenues -state aid” in appendix a attached hereto). in addition, the price and principal value of the bonds is dependent on the prevailing level of interest rates; 
if interest rates rise, the price of a bond or note will decline, causing the bondholder or noteholder to incur a potential 
capita l loss if such bond or note is sold prior to its maturity.  
 
the enactment of chapter 97 of the laws of 2011 on june 24, 2011, which imposes a tax levy limitation upon 
municipalities, including the village, sc hool districts, and fire districts in the state could have an impact upon 
operations of the village and as a result, the market price for the bonds.3 trillion coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security (“cares”) act, which attempt to address financial 
stability and liquidity issues through a variety of stimulus measures. air carriers and businesses 
critical to national security are eligible for direct loans and loan guarantees from the united states department of the 
treasury, and the federal reserve has received financial support for its lending programs. the village  continues to evaluate various options to mitigate the impact of covid -19 on the village’ s 
finances, inclu ding reductions of budgeted expenditures, and eligibility for federal or state aid for covid -19 related 
costs and revenue losses.  
 
 
 
cybersecurity  
 
 
the village, like many other public and private entities, relies on technology to conduct its operations.  as a recipient 
and provider of personal, private, or sensitive information, the village faces multiple cyber threats including, but not 
limited to, h acking, viruses, malware and other attacks on computer and other sensitive digital networks and systems.  
to mitigate the risk of business operations impact and/or damage from cyber incidents or cyber -attacks, the village 
invests in various forms of cybers ecurity and operational controls; however, no assurances can be given that such 
security and operational control measures will be completely successful to guard against cyber threats and attacks. length: 2646