  
 
risk factors  
 
the purchase of the bonds involves certain investment risks. certain of the investment risks are described below. the following 
statements, however, should not be considered a complete description of all ri sks to be 
considered in the decision to purchase the bonds, nor should the order of the presentation of such 
risks be construed to reflect the relative importance of the various risks. there can be no 
assurance that other risk factors are not material or w ill not become material in the future.  
 
construction risks  
there are potential risks that could affect the ability of the district to timely complete the 
project.   
completion of the project involves many risks common to construction projects such as 
short ages or delays in the availability of materials and labor, work stoppages, labor disputes, 
contractual disputes with contractors or suppliers, weather interferences, construction accidents, 
delays in obtaining legal approvals, unforeseen engineering, arche ological or environmental 
problems and unanticipated cost increases, any of which could give rise to significant delays or 
cost overruns.  many factors impact  the local economy, including rates of employment and economic 
growth and the level of residential and commercial development.  
 
loss or change of bond rating  
 
the bonds have received a credit rating from moody’s investors service, new york, 
new york (“moody’s”) .  
 
cybersecurity  
 
 computer networks and data transmission and collection are vital to the efficient 
operation of the district.  despite the implementation of networ k security measures by the 
district, its information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to deliberate attacks by 
hackers, malware, ransomware or computer viruses, or may otherwise be breached due to 
employee error, malfeasance or other disrupt ions.  although the district does not believe that its information technology systems are at a 
materially greate r risk of cybersecurity attacks than other similarly -situated governmental 14 entities, any such disruption, access, disclosure or other loss of information could have an 
adverse effect on the district’s operations and financial health.  further, as cybersecu rity threats 
continue to evolve, the district may be required to expend significant additional resources to 
continue to modify and strengthen security measures, investigate and remediate any 
vulnerabilities, or invest in new technology designed to mitigate  security risks.  
 
suitability of investment  
 
the interest rate borne by the bonds is intended to compensate the investor for assuming 
the risk of investing in the bonds.  each prospective investor should carefully examine th is official 
statement and its own financial condition to make a judgment as to its ability to bear the 
economic risk of such an investment,  and whether or not the bonds are an appropriate 
investment for such investor. length: 2967