  (b)  a district's bonds, notes, and other ob ligations are eligible and lawful security for all deposits of public funds of the state, and all agencies, subdivisions, and instrumentalities of the state, including all counties, cities, towns, villages, school districts, and all other kinds and types of districts, public agencies, and bodie s politic, to the extent of the market value of the bonds, no tes, and other obligations when accompanied by any unmatured interest coupons attached to them.    
  11  
 security for the bonds  security and source of payment  
pursuant to the november 7, 2007 election and the election, the bonds, together with the remaining outstanding bonds and any ad ditional bonds payable from ad valorem taxes, are se cured by and payable from the proceeds of an annual ad valorem tax, without legal limitation as to rate or amount, levied upon all taxable property located within the township.  
registered owners remedies 
 
if the township defaults in the payment of principal, interest, or redemption price on the bonds when due, or if it fails to make payments into any fund or funds created in the bond order, or defaults in the observation or performance of any other covenants, conditions, or obligations set forth in the bond order, the registered owners ha ve the right to seek of a writ of mandamus issued by a court o f competent jurisdiction requiring the township and its officials to observe  and perform the covenants, obligations, or conditions prescribed in the bond order. the enforceability of the rights and remedies of the reg istered owners may further be limited by laws relating to bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar laws of general application affecting th e rights of creditors of political subdivisions, such as the township. 
 
bankruptcy limitation to registered owners’ rights 
 
the enforceability of the rights and remedi es of registered owners may be limited by laws relating to bankruptcy, reorganizatio n or other similar laws of general application affecting the rights of creditors of political  subdivisions such as the township.  the town ship could file a voluntary bankruptcy petition under chapter 9, thereby invoking th e protection of the automatic stay until the bankruptcy cou rt, after a hearing, dismisses the petition.  a federal bankruptcy court is a court of equity and federal bankruptcy judges have considerable discretion in the conduct of bankruptcy proceedings and in making the de cision whether to grant the petitioning political subdivision reli ef from its creditors.  while such a decision might be appealable, the concomitant delay and loss of remedies to the registered owners coul d potentially and adversely impair the value of the registered owner’s claim.  if the township were to proceed voluntarily under chapter 9 of the federal bankruptcy code, it could file a plan for an adjustm ent of its debts.  if such a plan were confirmed by the bankruptcy court, it could, among other things, affect registered owners by reducing or eliminating the amount of indebtedness, deferring or rearranging the debt service schedule, reducing or eliminating the interest rate, modifying or abrogating collateral or security arrangements, substituting (i n whole or in part) other securities, and otherwise compromis ing and modifying the rights and remedies of the regi stered owners’ claims against the township.  the township may not be placed into bankruptcy involuntarily.  the temporary exem ption amounts established in the property tax code range from 15% for property less than 30% damaged to 100% for pr operty that is a total loss. length: 3639