  
 
 authority to file for municipal bankruptcy.   the federal bankruptcy code allows public bodies, such as the county, 
recourse to the protection of a federal court for the purpose of adjusting outstanding indebtedness.80 of the local 
finance law contains specific authorization for any municipality in the state or its emergency control board to file a petiti on under 
any provision of federal bankruptcy law for the composition or adjustment of municipal indebtedness.   
 
the s tate has consented that any municipality in the state may file a petition with the united states district court or court of 
bankruptcy under any provision of the laws of the united states, now or hereafter in effect, for the composition or adjustmen t of 
municipal indebtedness.  subject to such state consent, under the united states constitution, congress has jurisdiction over su ch 
matters and has enacted amendments to the existing federal bankruptcy statute, being chapter 9 thereof, generally to the effe ct and 
with the purpose of affording municipal corporations, under certain circumstances, with easier access to judicially approved 
adjustment of debt including judicial control over identifiable and unidentifiable creditors.  
 
the rights of the o wners of bonds to receive interest and principal from the county  could be adversely affected by the 
restructuring of the county ’s debt under chapter 9 of the federal bankruptcy code.  no assurance can be given that any priority of 
holders of debt obligatio ns issued by the county  (including the bonds) to payment from monies retained in any debt service fund 
or from other cash resources would be recognized if a petition were filed by or on behalf of the county  under the federal 
bankruptcy code or pursuant to other subsequently enacted laws relating to creditors’ rights; such monies might, under such 
circumstances, be paid to satisfy the claims of all creditors generally.  
 
under the federal bankruptcy code, a petition may be filed in the federal bankruptcy cour t by a municipality which is 
insolvent or unable to meet its debts as they mature. the federal bankruptcy code also requires that a plan be filed for the adjustment of the 
municipality’s debt, which may modify or alter the rights of creditors and which could be secured.  if confirmed b y the bankruptcy court, the plan 
would be binding upon all creditors affected by it.  (the provision does not by its terms apply to school districts or fire districts.  the stay can be vacated under certain circumstances with provisions for the 
payment of amounts due or overdue upon a demand for payment in accordance with the statutory provisions set forth therein.  school districts and fire districts are not eligible for frb a ssistance.  
 
 
market and risk factors  
 
 there are various forms of risk associated with investing in the bonds.  the following is a discussion of certain events that  
could affect the risk of investing in the bonds.  in addition to the  events cited herein, there are other potential risk factors that an 
investor must consider.  in order to make an informed investment decision, an investor should be thoroughly familiar with the  
entire official statement, including its appendices, as well as all areas of potential risk.  
 
 the financial condition of the county as well as the market for the bonds could be affected by a variety of factors, some of 
which are beyond the county's control.  there can be no assurance that adverse events in the stat e and in other jurisdictions in the 
country, including, for example, the seeking by a municipality or large taxable property owner of remedies pursuant to the fe deral 
bankruptcy code or otherwise, will not occur which might affect the market price of and t he market for the bonds. length: 3807