    the lease provides that, subject to the following sentence, the city  must promptly repair any damage to the 2009 project regardless of the cause or source of such loss or damage.  in lieu of the repair of the 2009 project  upon damage, loss or condemnation, if the damage, loss or condemnation is total or the amount of the loss exceeds the principal amount of outstanding certificates, the city may, but is not obligated to, pay, out of the net proceeds of any insurance (including self-insurance) or condemnation award (“net proceeds”) or otherwise, amounts sufficient to prepay or defease the certificates.  the third party policies of insurance purchased by the city against risks of physical damage to the 2009 project must be endorsed to provide that the trustee is an additional insured.  such amendments may adversely affect the security of the holders of the certificates.  availability of remedies although the certificates are secured by the lease, the practical realization of such security upon a termination of the lease will depend upon the exercise of various remedies specified by the trust agreement.  under existing constitutional and statutory law and judicial decisions, including; specifically, the united states bankruptcy code, the remedies provided in the lease and the trust agreement may not be readily available or may be limited.  the various legal opinions to be delivered concurrently with the delivery of the certificates will be qualified as to the enforceability of the various agreements and instruments entered into in connection with the issuance of the certificates  by limitations imposed by general principles of equity and by bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors’ generally and laws relating to fraudulent conveyances.  consequently, the certificates should not be purchased by any investor who, because of financial condition, investment policies or otherwise, does not desi re to assume, or have the ability to bear, the risks inherent in an investment in the certificates.  risk of early redemption an event of damage or destruction to the 2009 project  may cause the city to redeem the certificates from the net proceeds of an insurance claim payment, to the extent those proceeds are not used to repair, restore or rebuild the 2009 project.    summary the foregoing is intended only as a summary of certain risk factors attendant to an investment  in the certificates.  in order for potential investors to identify risk factors and make an informed decision . length: 2568