  that policy must address the following areas: (1) safety of principal and liquidity, (2) portfolio diversification, (3) allowable investments, (4) acceptable risk levels, (5) expected rates of return, (6) maximum allowable stated maturity of portfolio investments, (7) maximum average dollar-weighted maturity allowed based on the stated maturity date for the portfolio, (8) investment staff quality and capabilities, and (9) bid solicitation preferences for certificates of deposit. 
 
cash and cash equivalents at june 30, 2011, are classified in the accompanying financial statements as follows: 
 
statement of net assetsgovernmental activities 11,717,522 $         business-type activities 842,724                     total cash and cash equivalents 12,560,246$         
 
 
cash and cash equivalents at june 30, 2011, consisted of the following: 
 
demand deposits with financial institutions 11,433,122 $         2a-7 like local government pools 1,127,124                  total cash and cash equivalents 12,560,246$         
 
 
  dallas county schools notes to financial statements   
36 note 2.   deposits and investments – continued  
 
disclosures relating to interest rate risk 
 
the risk that changes in market interest rates will adversely affect the fair market value of an investment is known as interest rate risk.  generally, credit risk is the risk that an issuer of an investment will not fulfill its obligation to the holder of the investment.  government agency securities are not considered to have credit risk in that the u.  concentration of credit risk 
 
the investment policy of dcs contains no limitations on the amount that can be invested in any one issuer.  at june 30, 2011, dcs’ investments were in external investment pools, which did not expose dcs to concentration of credit risk. 
 
custodial credit risk 
 
custodial credit risk for deposits is the risk that, in the event of the failure of a depository financial institution, a government will not be able to recover its deposits or will not be able to recover collateral securities that are in the possession of an outside party.  the custodial credit risk for investments is the risk that, in the event of the failure of the counterparty to a transaction, a government will not be able to recover the value of its investment or collateral securities that are in the possession of another party.  the public funds investment act and dcs’ investment policy do not contain legal or policy requirements that would limit the exposure to custodial credit risk for deposits or investments, other than the following provision for deposits. length: 2627