  factors for financial recovery status. the department may include in its analysis of early warning system components the factors the pennsylvania secretary of education may consider in determining whether to issue a declaration that a school district is  in financial recovery status pursuant to section 62l- a(a)(2)(l) of the school district financial recovery 
act. 
investment considerations 
the bonds, like all investment securities, carry a risk of  loss of the investment, in whole or in part. this does not purport to describe all of the risks of an investment in the bonds; both the school district and the underwriter disclaim any responsibility to advise prospective investors of such risks either as they may exist at the date of dissemination of this official statement or as they may appear or change from time to time in the future. prospective purchasers of the bonds should consult their own legal and tax advisors as to the risks associated with an investment in the bonds, their ability bear a loss from an investment in the bonds and the suitability of investing in the bonds, in light of their particular, individual, circumstances. 
investment in the bonds involves substantial risks. however, the following does not purport to be an exhaustive listing of risks and other considerations which may be relevant to investing in the bonds, and the order in which the following in formation is presented is not intended to reflect  
-27- the relative importance of any such risks. other factors which could result in a reduction of revenues available to the school district or an increase in the school district’s expenses, and a corresponding reduction in the school district’s ability to fulfill the terms of its debt service obligations, are discussed elsewhere in this official statement, including the appendices hereto.  to enhance security for the repayment of the bonds, the school district, the department, the state treasurer and th e paying agent will be entering into the intercept agreement under which the school district requests and authorizes the department to provide notice to the state treasurer to withhold a portion of the commonwealth  appropriations due to the school district on the last thursday of the months of february and augu st of each fiscal year of the school district so long as the bonds are outstanding and to pay such withheld amounts directly to the paying agent for application to the debt service on the bonds. the delayed enactment of the commonwealth’s budget for its fiscal year ended june 30, 2016, adversely affected the school district’s cash flow, finances and operations in 2015 and the resulting delay in receiving commonwealth subsidy payments for the period from july 1, 2015 through december 31, 2015 was a significant factor which required the school district’s issuance on [insert details of tans].  see also “certain recent events and financial impact on the school district” regarding a discussion of certain events and the adverse financial impact on the school district caused by the delayed enactment of the commonwealth ’s budget for its fiscal year ended june 30, 
2016  and other factors. the largest subsidy, the basic instructional subsidy, is  allocated to all school districts based on factors such as: (1) the per pupil market value of assessable real pr operty in a school district; (2) the per pupil earned income in the school district; (3) the school district’s tax effort, as compared with the tax effort of other school districts in the commonwealth; and student count. the product of these two factors is approximately 12. length: 3616