city of lake forest, lake county, illinois general obligation bonds, series 2023 
 17    the pension code allows the state comptroller, after proper procedures have taken place, to divert state payments intended for the city to the police pension plan and the fire pension plan to satisfy contribution shortfalls by the city.  if the city does not make 100% of its annual required contributions to the police pension plan and fire pension plan, the city may have revenues intercepted by the state comptroller and deposited directly to the police pension plan or fire pension plan.   cybersecurity   compu
ter networks and data transmission and collection are vital to the efficient operation of the city. despite the implementation of network security measures by the city, its information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to deliberate attacks by hackers, malware, ransomware or computer virus, or may otherwise be breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. although the city does not believe t
hat its information technology systems are at a materially greater risk of cybersecurity attacks than other similarly situated governmental entities, any such disruption, access, disclosure or other loss of information could have an adverse effect on the city’s operations and financial health. further, as cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, the city may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify and strengthen security measures, investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities, or invest in new technology designed to mitigate security risks. many factors affect the local economy, including rates of employment and economic growth and the level of residential and commercial development.   loss or change of bond rating   the bonds have received a credit rating from moody’s investors service, inc. 
  
suitability of investment   the interest rates born
e by the bonds are intended to compensate the investor for assuming the risk of investing in the bonds. each prospective investor should carefully examine this official statement and its own financial condition to make a judgment as to its ability to bear the economic risk of such a
n investment, and whether or not the bonds are an appropriate investment for such investor. 
  
factors relating to tax exemption   as discussed under “tax exemption” herein, interest on the bonds could become includible in gross income for purposes of federal income taxation, retroactive to the date the bonds were issued, as a result of future acts or omissions of the city in violation of its covenants in the bond ordinance. finally, reduction or elimination of the tax-exempt status of obligations such as the bonds could have an adverse effect on the city’s ability to acce
ss the capital markets to finance future capital or operational needs by reducing market demand for such obligations or materially increasing borrowing costs of the city. city of lake forest, lake county, illinois general obligation bonds, series 2023 
 19   bankruptcy   the rights and remedies of the bondholders may be limited by and are subject to the provisions of federal bankruptcy laws, to other laws or equitable principles that may affect the enforcement of creditors’ rights, to the exercise of judicial discretion in appropriate cases and to limitations on legal remedies against local governments.   climate change risk  ther
e are potential risks to the state, the city and their respective financial condition that are associated with changes to the climate over time and with increases in the frequency, timing and severity of extreme weather events, causing or increasing the severity of flooding and other natural disasters. the city cannot predict how or when various climate change risks may occur, nor can it quantify the impact on the state or the city, its population or its financial condition. length: 3915