  
economic and other factors beyond the district’s control, such as general market decline in 
property values, the outbreak of disease, disruption in financial markets that may reduce availability of 
financing for purchasers of property, reclassification of property to a class exempt from taxation, whether 
by ownership or use (such as exemptions for property owned by the state and local agencies and property 
used for qualified education, hospital, charitable or religious purposes), or the complete or partial 
destruction of the taxable property caused by a natural or manmade disaster, such as earthquake, fire 
(including wildfire), drought, flood, sea level rise, climate change, or toxic contamination, could cause a 
reduction in the assessed value of taxable pro perty within the district.  see “the bonds – security and sources of payment” and “district financi al 
information – considerations regarding covid -19” herein.  the district is also 
located in the san francisco bay area, a seismical ly active region of the state, into which extend three 
major earthquake faults that comprise the san andreas fault system (san andreas fault, hayward fault 
and calaveras fault). as a result, portions of the 
district , including all of foster city,  are located within earthquake hazard zones produced by the cgs 
that have identified possible liquefaction and landslide hazards.7 or greater earthquake in the next 30 years.  an earthquake of large 
magnitude or tsunami could result in extensive damage to property within the district and could adversely 
affect the assessed valuation of property within the district, or more gener ally the region’s economy . 
drought.   in recent years california has experienced severe drought conditions. in january of 
2014, the governor declared a statewide drought state of emergency.  in april 2017, the governor lifted the drought emergency 
declaration, while retaining a prohibition on wasteful practices and advancing conservation measures.  in 
april 2021, the governor announced regional drought emergencies in two no rthern california counties 
following two years of dry conditions.  on may 10, 2021, the governor expanded the emergency drought 
declaration to include an additional 39 counties throughout the state.  on october 19, 2021, the 
governor extended the declaration to include all remaining counties, such that the drought state of 
emergency is now in effect statewide.  on march 28, 2022, the governor issued execut ive order n0 -27-
22, which directed the water board to issue drought regulations, including a recommendation to have 
urban water suppliers initiate water shortage contingency plans.  
wildfire.   in addition, major wildfires have occurred in recent years in di fferent regions of the 
state, including significant fires throughout the fall of 2020 and summer of 2021.  the governor has 
previously signed a number of measures into law intended to address a variety of issues related to 
mitigating the risk of wildfires,  including forest management, mutual aid for fire departments, emergency 
alerts and other safety mandates.  the county initiated a study of the vulnerability of land in the county to risks 
resulting from potential sea level rise.  the assessment references and 
finds risk of potential impacts to property in the county in the event of various sea level rise scen arios.  
the assessment provides for three sea level rise scenarios (a baseline scenario of a 1% annual chance 
flood (present -day extreme flood), a mid -level scenario of 1% chance flood + 3.3 feet of sea level rise and 
a high -end scenario of 1% annual flood  + 6.  the assessment concludes 
that if the sea level were to rise to specific levels, the resulting flooding coul d damage infrastructure and 
property in the county.  the assessment concludes that the city of foster city has 106 acres at risk of 
inundation in the baseline scenario, 2,630 acres at risk in mid -level scenario and 2,638 acres at risk in the 
high end scena rio.  
the assessment states that the total assessed value of parcels at risk in the mid -level scenario and the  
high-end scenario is $8.    the assessment concludes that the city of san mateo has 505 acres 
at risk of inundation in the baseline scenario, 3,132 acres in the mid -level scenario, and 3,411 acres in the 
high end scenario.  in the mid -level sce nario, the levees that protect the city of san mateo and foster city 
are overtopped, leading to overtopping of highway 101 and flooding of the hayward caltrain station and 
surrounding areas.  the assessment states that the total assessed value of parcels a t risk is $619 million in 
the baseline scenario, $8,049 in the mid -level scenario, and $8,404 in the high -end scenario.  
climate change.   in addition to the events described above, climate change cau sed by human 
activities may have adverse effects on the assessed value of property within the district.  as greenhouse 
gas emissions continue to accumulate in the atmosphere as a result of economic activity, many scientists 
expect that climate change will intensify, increasing the frequency, severity and timing of extreme 
weather events such as coastal storm surges, drought, wildfires, floods, heat waves, and raising sea levels.  
see also “ —drought,” “ —wildfires”, and “sea level rise” above.  projections of  the impact of global 
climate change are complex and depend on a variety of factors outside of the district’s control.  the 
various scientific studies that forecast the amount and timing of adverse impacts of climate change are 
based on assumptions contain ed in such studies, but actual events may vary materially.  in addition, the 
scientific understanding of climate change and its effects continues to evolve.  the county 
assessor may independently reduce assessed values as well based upon the above factors or reductions in 
the fair market value of the taxable property.  
in addition to the above -described taxpayer appeals, county assessors may independently reduce 
assessed valuations based on changes in the market value of property, or for other factors such as the 
complete or partial destruction of taxable property caused  by natural or man -made disasters such as 
earthquakes, floods, drought, fire, wildfire, or toxic contamination pursuant to relevant provisions of the 
state constitution.  once property has regained its prior assessed value, 
adjusted for inflation, it once  again is subject to the annual inflationary growth rate factor allowed under . length: 6559