 in addition, the availability of pprt revenues is dependent upon other numerous factors, incl uding (i) the continuation of the pprt under illinois law in its present form; (ii) timely collection and distribution by the state of the pprt revenues to the board; and (iii) and economic conditions in the  state and the business climate in general and their impact on corporate income and utility invested capital.”  availability of property tax revenues the availability of property tax revenues in amounts sufficient, together with pledged revenues, to pay the annual debt service on the board’s general obligatio n bonds, including the bonds and outstanding alternate revenue bonds, and to support the ongoing operating expenses of the board is dependent on numerous factors. the intergovernmental agreement revenues consist of collections  of the school building and improvement taxes that are ad valorem property taxes imposed by  the city and the availability of such property tax revenues is subject to numerous factors, including those described below. such increased burden could potent ially be harmful to the local economy and may impact the value of property in the region and lead to popu lation migration, delayed payments of taxes,  
 3 2 lower tax collection rates and other factors that may result in a decrease in the rate and amount of tax collections received by the board, including the pledged taxes if extended for collection. the two labor u nions that represent the largest number of board employees are the chicago teachers union (“ctu”) (represe nting teachers) and seiu local 73 (representing custodians, security officers, special education classroom assistants and bus aids).” bankruptcy of the board and enforcement remedies under each indenture general. bankruptcy code unless they are specifically authorized to be a  debtor by state law or by a governmental officer or an organization empowered by state law to authorize such entity to be a debtor in a bankruptcy proceeding. state law does not currently permit the board to be  a debtor in a bankruptcy proceeding. however, from time to time, legislation has been introduced in the illinois general assembly which, if enacted, would permit illinois units of local government to be a debtor in bankruptcy under the u. bankruptcy code. the board cannot predict whether any such legi slation will be enacted that would permit units of local government, such as the board, to be a debtor in bankruptcy. notwithstanding the foregoing, if the board were authorized by state law to become a debtor in bankruptcy and were to become a debtor in a proceeding under ch apter 9 of the u. bankruptcy code, it is possible that the application of the pledged taxes and/or pledged revenues to pay a series of the bonds could be stayed during the proceeding, and that the terms of such series of the bonds, the applicable bond resolution, the applicable authorization, or the applicable indenture securing such series of the bonds (including amount, rate, security, and tax–related covenants) c ould be altered by a plan of adjustment, if the bankruptcy court determines that the alterations are fair a nd equitable and otherwise comply with requirements of the u. bankruptcy code.  
 3 3 counsel opinion regarding certain bankruptcy-related matters relating to the bonds. as described under the heading “certain legal matters” the board h as received the opinion of special bankruptcy counsel to the board regarding certain bankr uptcy-related matters relating to the bonds. bankruptcy code, a nd, as 
a consequence, (i) pursuant to section 928(a) of the u.  bankruptcy code would remain subject 
to the lien of each indenture and could not lawfully be used by  the board without providing the bondholders 
“adequate protection” (as that term is defined in section 361 of the u. bankruptcy code) for any 
diminution in value of the bondholders’ interest in the pledged  taxes resulting from the bankruptcy case 
and (ii) under section 922(d) of the u. bankruptcy code, the application by the trustee of the pledged 
taxes under the terms of each related indenture would not be su bject to stay after the commencement by 
the board of a case under chapter 9 of the u. bankruptcy code . no opinion, intent or belief is expressed with regard to the tr eatment of the pledged revenues 
securing the bonds in a bankruptcy proceeding. the opinions of co-bond counsel and the board’s general counsel as to the enforceability of the board’s obligations pursuant to each indenture and to make payments on each series of the bonds are qualified as to bankruptcy and similar events and as to the application of equitable principles and the exercise of judicial discretion in appropriate cases and to com mon law and statutes affecting the enforceability of contractual obligations generally and to principles of public policy concerning, affecting or limiting the enforcement of rights or remedies against gover nmental entities such as the board.” the receipt of federal revenues is impacted by many factors including satisfaction of grant eligibility requirements, compliance with requirements of the g rant agreements including certain federal regulations, and congressional appropriation of funding. school enrollment is a factor in receipt of federal revenues, a nd enrollment at board schools has declined over the last five years from 400,545 students enrolle d for the fall of 2014 to 361,314 students enrolled for the fall of 2018. length: 5496