   authority to file for municipal bankruptcy.   the federal bankruptcy code allows public bodies, such as the city, recourse to the protection of a federal court for the purpose of adjusting outstanding indebtedness.80 of the local finance law contains specific authorization for any municipality in the state or its emergency control board to file a petition under any provision of federal bankruptcy law for the composition or adjustment of municipal indebtedness.    the state has consented that any municipality in the state may file a petition with the united states district court or court of bankruptcy under any provision of the laws of the united states, now or hereafter in effect, for the composition or adjustment of municipal indebtedness.  subject to such state consent, under the united states constitution, congress has jurisdiction over such matters and has enacted amendments to the existing federal bankruptcy statute, being chapter 9 thereof, generally to the effe ct and with the purpose of affording municipal corporations, under certain circumstances, with easier access to judicially approved adjustment of debt including judicial control over identifiable and unidentifiable creditors. 
 
the rights of the owners of bonds to receive interest and principal from the city could be adversely affected by the restructuring of the city’s debt under chapter 9 of the federal bankruptcy code.  no assurance can be given that any priority of holders of  debt obligations issued by the city (including the bonds ) to payment from monies retained in any debt service fund or from other cash resources would be recognized if a petition were filed by or on behalf of the city under the federal bankruptcy code or pursuant to other subsequently enacted laws relating to creditors’ rights; such monies might, under such circumstances, be paid to satisf y the claims of all creditors generally. 
 
under the federal bankruptcy code, a petition may be filed in the federal bank ruptcy court by a municipality which is insolvent or unable to meet its debts as they mature.  the federal bankruptcy code also requires that a plan be filed for the adjustment of the municipality’s debt, which may modify or alter the rights of creditors and which could be secured.  if  confirmed by the bankruptcy court, the plan would be binding upon all creditors affected by it.    market and risk factors 
 
 the financial condition of the city as well as the market for the bonds could be affected by a variety of factors, some of which are beyond the city’s control.  there can be no assurance that adverse events in the state or in other jurisdictions of the country, including, for example, the seeking by a municipality or large taxable property owner of remedies pursuant to the federal bankruptcy code or otherwise, will not occur which might affect the market price of and the market for t he bonds.  cybersecurity 
  the city, like many other public and private entities, relies on a large and complex technology environment to conduct its operations.  as such, it may face multiple cybersecurity threats including, but not limited to, hacking, viruses, malware and other attacks on computer or other sensitive digital systems and networks.  there can be no assurances that any security and operational control measures implemented by the city will be completely successful to guard against and prevent cyber threats and attacks . length: 3434