6 the rights of the owners of bonds to receive interest and principal from the city could be adversely affected by the 
restructuring of the city ’s debt under chapter 9 of the federal bankruptcy code.  no assurance can be given that 
any priority of holders of debt obligations issued by the city (including the bonds) to payment from monies retained 
in any debt service fund or from other cash resources would be recognized if a petition were filed by or on behalf of 
the city under the federal bankruptcy code or pursuant to other subsequently enacted laws relating to creditors’ 
rights; such monies might, under such circumstances, be paid to satisfy the claims of all creditors generally. 
 
under the federal bankruptcy code, a petition may be filed in the federal bankruptcy court by a municipality 
which is insolvent or unable to meet its debts as they mature.  the federal bankruptcy code also requires that 
a plan be filed for the adjustment of the municipality’s debt, which may modify or alter the rights of creditors and 
which could be secured.  if confirmed by the bankruptcy court, the plan would be binding upon all creditors affected by it.  (the provision does not by its terms apply to school districts or fire 
districts.  the stay can be vacated under certain 
circumstances with provisions for the payment of amounts due or overdue upon a demand for payment in 
accordance with the statutory provisions set forth therein. school districts and fire districts are not eligible for frb assistance. 
 
market and risk factors  
 
there are various forms of risk associated with investing in the bonds.  the following is a discussion of certain 
events that could affect the risk of investing in the bonds.   in addition to the events cited herein, there are other 
potential risk factors that an investor must consider.  in order to make an informed investment decision, an investor 
should be thoroughly familiar with the entire official statement, including its appendices, as well as all areas of 
potential investment risk. 
 
the financial and economic condition of the city as well as the market for the bonds could be affected by a variety 
of factors, some of which are beyond the city ’s control.  there can be no assurance that adverse events in the state 
and in other jurisdictions, including, for example, the seeking by a municipality or large taxable property owner of 
remedies pursuant to the federal bankruptcy code or otherwise, will not occur which might affect the market price 
of and the market for the bonds . length: 2557