 school districts and fire districts a re not eligible for frb assistance.   
 1 
37 
 
 market and risk factors  
market factors 
 
 the financial and economic condition of the city as well as the market for the bonds and notes could be affected by a variety of factors, some of which are beyond the city’s control.  there can be no assurance that adverse events in the state and in other jurisdictions, including, for example, the seeking by a municipality or large taxable pro perty owner of remedies pursuant to the federal bankruptcy code or otherwise, will not occur which might affect the market price of and the market for the bonds and notes.  in addition, the price and market value of the bonds and notes is dependent on the prevailing level of interest rates; if interest rates rise, the price of a bond or note will decline, causing the noteholder to incur a potential capital loss if such note is sold prior to its maturity. 
 
 the enactment of the tax levy limitation law, which imposes a tax levy limitation upon municipalities, including the city, school districts, and fire districts in the state could have an impact upon operations of the city and as a result, the market price for the bonds and notes.  
 
cybersecurity: the city, like many other public and private entities, relies on technology to conduc t its operations.  as a 
recipient and provider of personal, private, or sensitive information, the city faces multiple cyber threats including, but n ot limited to, hacking, viruses, malware and other attacks on computer and other sensitive digital networks  and systems.  to mitigate the risk of business operations impact and/or damage from cyber incidents or cyber -attacks, the city invests in various forms of cybersecurity and operational controls; however, no assurances can be given that such security and operational contr ol measures will be completely successful to guard against cyber threats and attacks.   1 
38 
 
 other risk factors   general factors.   
 
 failure to satisfactorily address the deficit and/or further negative credit rating agency actions may have a materially adverse impact on  bonds and notes and the marketability of the bonds and notes.  see “market and risk factors – credit rating,” herein. length: 2261