 
7 bondholders’ risks  the district is subject to numerous known and unknown risks, ma ny of which are described below and elsewhere in this official statement. additional risks and uncertainties may exist that the di strict is not aware of or that it currently deems to be immater ial. the bonds are additionally secured by the net revenues from the district’ s operations, but are not secured by a mortgage of or security interest in any tangible property of the district.  o
perating risk in each of the past five fiscal years, the district has reporte d a net operating loss, which is consistent with the district’s operating history. the amounts of the district’s operating losses for fiscal years ending september 30, 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013 were $2,163,640, $2,865,221, $2,943,181 and $3,126,160, respectively.  the increase in operating losses from fiscal year 2012 to fiscal ye ar 2013 is primarily attributable to an increase in net patient service revenue, an increase in purchased services and professional fees and an increase in salaries, wages, and employee benefits for the dist rict's employees. furthermore, the district is eligible to seek relief from its creditors under chapter 9 of the united states bankruptcy code (“chapter 9”). although chapter 9 provides for the recognition of a security in terest represented by a specifically pledged source of revenues, the pledge of ad valorem taxes in support of a general obligation of  a bankrupt entity is not specifically recognized as a security interest un der chapter 9. chapter 9 also includes an automatic stay provis ion that would prohibit, without bankruptcy court approval, the prosecution of any other legal action by creditors or bondholders of an entit y which has sought protection under chapter 9. therefore, should the distri ct avail itself of chapter 9 protection from creditors, the abi lity to enforce would be subject to the approval of the bankruptcy court (which could require that the action be heard in bankruptcy court ins tead of other federal or state court); and the bankruptcy code provides  for broad discretionary powers of a bankruptcy court in admini stering any proceeding brought before it.  in the event the book-entry-only system should be discontinued,  interest on the bonds will be paid to the registered owners appearing on the registration books of the paying agent/registrar at the clo se of business on the record date (hereinafter defined), and such interest will be paid (i) by check sent united states mail, first class, post age prepaid to the address of the registered owner recorded in the registration books of the paying agent/registrar or (ii) by such other metho d, acceptable to the paying agent/registrar requested by, and a t the risk and expense of, the registered owner. to the extent possible, new bonds issued in an exchange or transfer of bonds wil l be delivered to the registered owner or assignee of the registered  owner in not more than three (3) business days after the receipt of the bonds to be canceled in the exchange or transfer and the written inst rument of transfer or request for exchange duly executed by the  registered owner or his duly authorized agent, in form satisfactory to the paying agent/registrar. in the case of any bond issued in lieu of and in substitution for a bond which has been destroyed, stolen or l ost, such new bond will be delivered only (a) upon filing with the paying age nt/registrar of satisfactory evidence to the effect that such b ond has been destroyed, stolen or lost and proof of the ownership thereof, a nd (b) upon furnishing the district and the paying agent/regist rar with indemnity satisfactory to them. length: 3693