  for this reason, health care facility operations are particularly susceptible to the practical financial and legal risks associated with compliance with such laws and regulations.  such risks may result in damage to individuals, property or the environment, may interrupt operations or increase their costs or both, may result in legal liability, damages, injunctions or fines, or may trigger investigations, administrative proceedings, penalties or other government agency actions.  there can be no assurance that the district will not encounter such risks in the future and such risks could have a material adverse effect on the district’s financial condition.  the precise degree to which this or similar joint contracting activities may expose the participants to antitrust risk from governmental or private sources is dependent on factual matters that may change from time to time.  such activities may result in monetary liability for the participating hospitals under certain circumstances where a competitor suffers damage. o
ther riskfactors generally affecting health care facilities
hospital pricing .  the acquisition and operation of certain equipment or services may continue to be a significant factor in hospital utilization, but the ability of the district to offer such equipment or services may be subject to the availability of equipment or specialists, governmental approval or the ability to finance such acquisitions or operations.  as with all large employers, the district bears a wide variety of risks in connection with its employees including strikes and other related work actions, contract disputes, difficulties in recruitment, discrimination claims, personal tort actions, work-related injuries, exposure to hazardous materials, interpersonal torts, risks related to its benefit plans and other risks that may flow from the relationships between employer and employee or between physicians, patients and employees.  many of these risks are not covered by insurance and certain of them cannot be anticipated or prevented.  the district believes that its retirement plans are in material compliance with the employee retirement income security act of 1974, as amended, and other applicable laws.  the district is subject to all of the risks listed above and such risks, alone or in combination, could have material adverse consequences to the financial condition or operations of the district.  a significant factor underlying this trend includes a decrease in the number of persons entering such professions.  competition for employees, coupled with increased recruiting and retention costs will increase hospital operating costs, possibly significantly, and growth may be constrained. competition
.  increased competition from a wide variety of sources, including specialty hospitals, other hospitals and health care systems, hmos, inpatient and outpatient health care facilities, long-term care 20and skilled nursing services facilities, clinics, physicians and others, may adversely affect the utilization and revenues of hospitals.  existing and potential competitors may not be subject to various restrictions applicable to hospitals, and competition, in the future, may arise from new sources not currently anticipated or prevalent. additionally, scientific and technological advances, new procedures, drugs and appliances, preventive medicine and outpatient health care delivery may reduce utilization and revenues of the hospitals in the future or otherwise lead to new avenues of competition.  as with professional liability, many of these risks are covered by insurance, but some are not.  cost increases without corresponding increases in revenue could result from, among other factors, increases in the salaries, wages and fringe benefits of employees, increases in costs associated with advances in medical technology or with inflation and future legislation which would prevent or limit the ability of the district to increase revenues from operating its physical plants.  the occurrence of an epidemic, pandemic or natural disaster, including floods, volcanoes and earthquakes, may damage part or all of the facilities of the district, interrupt utility service to part or all of the facilities of the district or otherwise impair the operation of part or all of the facilities of the district, result in abnormally high demand for health care services, or otherwise interrupt the generation of revenues from part or all of the facilities of the district beyond existing insurance coverages.  the development and construction of new hospital facilities are susceptible to various risks and uncertainties such as: inflation of construction costs; general construction risks, including cost overruns, change orders and plan or specification modification, shortages of equipment, materials or skilled labor, labor disputes, unforeseen environmental, engineering or geological problems, work stoppages, fire and other natural disasters, construction scheduling problems and weather interferences; changes and concessions required by governmental or regulatory authorities; delays in obtaining, or inability to obtain, all licenses, permits and authorizations required to complete and/or operate the project; and disruption of existing operations and facilities. length: 5305