  many factors affect the local economy, including rates of employment and economic growth and the level of residential and commercial development. loss or change of bond ratings the bonds have received a credit rating from moody’s investors service, new york, new york (“moody’s”) and are expected to receive an insured credit rating from s&p (as hereinafter defined). suitability of investment the interest rate borne by the bonds is intended to compensate the investor for assuming the risk of investing in the bonds.  each prospective investor should carefully examine this official statement  
-7- and its own financial condition to make a judgment as to its ability to bear the economic risk of such an investment, and whether or not the bonds are an appropriate investment for such investor.  factors relating to tax exemption as discussed under “tax exemption” herein, interest on the bonds could become includible in gross income for purposes of federal income taxation, retroactive to the date the bonds were issued, as a result of future acts or omissions of the district in violation of its covenants in the bond resolution.  finally, reduction or elimination of the tax-exempt status of obligations such as the bonds could have an adverse effect on the district’s ability to access the capital markets to finance future capital or operational needs by reducing market demand for such obligations or materially increasing borrowing costs of the district. cybersecurity computer networks and data transmission and collection are vital to the efficient operation of the district.  despite the implementation of network security measures by the district, its  
-8- information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to deliberate attacks by hackers, malware, ransomware or computer virus, or may otherwise be breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions.  although the district does not believe that its information technology systems are at a materially greater risk of cybersecurity attacks than other similarly-situated governmental entities, any such disruption, access, disclosure or other loss of information could have an adverse effect on the district’s operations and financial health.  further, as cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, the district may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify and strengthen security measures, investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities, or invest in new technology designed to mitigate security risks. bankruptcy the rights and remedies of the bondholders may be limited by and are subject to the provisions of federal bankruptcy laws, to other laws or equitable principles that may affect the enforcement of creditors’ rights, to the exercise of judicial discretion in appropriate cases and to limitations on legal remedies against local governments.  the policy is not covered by any insurance security or guaranty fund established under new york, california, connecticut or florida insurance law. length: 3025