  
 
authority to file for municipal bankruptcy.  the federal bankruptcy code allows public bodies, such as municipalities, 
recourse to the protection of a federal court for the purpose of adjusting outstanding indebtedness.80 of the local 
finance law contains specific authorization for any municipality in the state or its emergency control board to file a petition under 
any provision of federal bankruptcy law for the composition or adjustment of municipal indebtedness.  
 
 
market and risk factors  
 
 there are various forms of risk associated with investing in the notes.  the following is a discussion of certain events that could 
affect the risk of investing in the notes.  in addition to the events cited herein, there are other potential risk factors th at an investor 
must consider.  in order to make  an informed investment decision, an investor should be thoroughly familiar with the entire official 
statement, including its appendices, as well as all areas of potential risk.  
 
 the financial condition of the school district as well as the market for the  notes could be affected by a variety of factors, some 
of which are beyond the school district's control.  there can be no assurance that adverse events in the state or in other ju risdictions 
in the country, including, for example, the seeking by a municip ality or large taxable property owner of remedies pursuant to the 
federal bankruptcy code or otherwise, will not occur which might affect the market price of and the market for the notes.  
  27 
  the enactment of the tax levy limitation law, which imposes a tax levy limitation upon municipa lities, school districts and 
fire districts in the state, including the school district could have an impact upon the market price of the notes.  
 
cybersecurity : the district, like many other public and private entities, relies on a large and complex technology environment 
to conduct its operations.  as such, it may face multiple cybersecurity threats including, but not limited to, hacking, viruses, malware 
and other attacks on computer or other sensitive digital systems and networks. there can be no assurances that any security a nd 
operational control measures  implemented by the district will be completely successful to guard against and prevent cyber threats 
and attacks. length: 2328