 as described more fully in the section "competing schools" in appendix a
, woodberry forest, lawrenceville, st. andrew's, deerfield, the taft school and hotchkiss have been the primary schools with which the school has competed for students, with woodberry forest being the major competitor for young men.  the introduction of new programs or the construction of additio nal facilities by its competitors could adversely affect the school's ability to continue to attract and enroll students.  while the school believes that its investments are being managed prudently and has adopted policies designed to en sure the prudent management of its investments in the future, the school has experienced investment losses in pr evious fiscal years and there can be no assurance that unforeseen developments in the securities markets will not have an adverse effect on the market value of these investments and the income generated therefrom.  in the past the school has demonstrated an ability to raise the funds necessary to finance its operations, to build the size of its endowment and to provide the funds to construct, renovate and improve its physical plant from a variety of benefactors.  such efforts may be affected adversely by a number of factors, including changes in general economic conditions and changes in federal and state tax laws affecting the deductibility of charitable contributions. unsecured obligations neither the financing agreement nor any other documents  executed in connection with the issuance of the bonds creates any mortgage, lien or other security interest on any real or personal property owned by the school.  the existence of any such liens could also have an adverse effect on the treatment of holders of the bonds in any bankruptcy proceeding.  holders of the bonds may be required to share with holders of existing indebtedness and any future additional indebtedness any moneys realized from the execution of remedies or bankruptcy proceedings and in the proceeds of certain insurance and condemnation awards.  although the school has covenanted to maintain its status as a tax-exempt organization, the loss of its tax-exempt status, should that occur, would likely have a significant adverse effect on the school and its operations and could result in the includability of interest on the bonds in gross income of the holders thereof for federal income tax purposes retroactively to their date of issue. bankruptcy and enforceability of remedies the bonds are payable from the payments to be made under the school's note and the financing agreement.  under existing law (including particularly federal bankruptcy law), the remedies specified by the financing agreement and the indenture may not be readily available or may be limited. if the school (for purposes of this paragraph, a "deb tor") were to file a petition for relief under federal bankruptcy law, the filing would operate as an automatic st ay of the commencement or continuation of any judicial or other proceeding against the debtor and its property.  if a bankruptcy court so ordered, the debtor's property, including its revenues, could be used for the benefit of the debtor, despite the rights granted the trustee under the financing documents in respect of the bonds.  in a bankruptcy proceeding, the debtor could file a plan for the  
 -11- adjustment of its debts which modifies the rights of creditors generally, or any class of creditors, secured or unsecured.  in addition, federal bankruptcy law permits the adoption of a reorganization plan even though the plan has not been accepted by the owners of a majority in aggr egate principal amount of the bonds, if such owners are provided with the benefit of their original lien or the "indubitable equivalent" thereof.  if a bankruptcy court concludes that the owners of the bonds have "adequate protection", it may subordinate the claim of the trustee to (a) claims by persons supplying goods and services to the debtor after bankruptcy, (b) the administrative expenses of the bankruptcy proceeding, and (c) a lien granted a lender providing funds to the debtor during bankruptcy proceedings.  in the event of a bankruptcy proceeding in respect of the debtor, the amount realized by the owners of the bonds might depend on a federal bankruptcy court's interpretation of the phrases "indubitable equivalent" and "adequate protection" under the then existing circumstances.  a bankruptcy court also has the power to invalidate certain provision of the financing agreement that make bankruptcy and related proceedings by the debtor an event of default thereunder.  the various legal opinions to be de livered concurrently with the delivery of the bonds will be qualified as to the decisions affecting equitable remedies and by bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditor's rights generally. other factors various other factors also could affect the future financ ial strength of the school, such as increased interest rates and changes in tax laws affecting the school's ab ility to borrow additional amounts if needed on favorable terms. assignment and pledge as security for the payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the bonds, the indenture assigns and pledges to the trustee the school's note, all rights of the authority under the financing agreement and the school's note (except for certain rights to payment of fees and expenses, indemnification and notice (the "unassigned rights")) and the funds held by the trustee pursuant to the indenture, except money in the rebate fund. length: 5627