 28 bondholders’ risks the bonds are limited obligations of the authority and are secured by and payable solely from the trust estate, which includes loan payments made by the university pursuant to the loan agreements and certain funds held by the trustee pursuant to the indentures. various factors could adversely affect the university ’s ability to pay the obligations under the loan agreements.  the future financial condition of the university could be adversely affected by, among other things, economic conditions in the areas from which the university traditionally draws students, legislation, regulatory actions, increased competition from other educational institutions, changes in the demand for higher educational services, demographic changes and litigation. some of such risk factors are described below. the following is intended only as a summary of certain risk factors attendant to an investment in the bonds and is not intended to be exhaustive.  in order to identify risk factors and make informed investment decisions, potential investors should be thoroughly familiar with the entire official statement (including each appendix) in order to make a judgment as to whether the bonds are an appropriate investment.  purchasers of the bonds, particularly purchasers that are corporations (including s corporations and foreign corporations operating branches in the united states of america), property or casualty insurance companies, banks or other financial institutions or certain recipients of social security benefits, are advised to consult their tax advisors as to the tax consequences of purchasing or holding the bonds.  the ability to generate such revenues could be affected adversely by future legislation, regulatory  actions, economic conditions, increased competition, changes in the demand for services or other factors.  adverse consequences of covid -19 to the university may include, but are not limited to, decline in enrollment, decline in demand for university housing, decline in university revenues, decline in value of investments, and decline in demand for university programs that involve travel or that have international connections.  29 competition.  the university could face additional competition in the future from other educational institutions that offer comparable services and programs to the population which the u niversity presently serves.  this could include the establishment of new programs and the construction, renovation or expansion of competing educational institutions.  in addition, there are other organizations that compete with the university for these gra nts and contracts. although the university has covenanted to maintain its tax-exempt status, loss of tax-exempt status by the university would likely have a significant adverse effect on the university and could result in the inclusion of interest on the bonds in gross income for federal income tax purposes ret roactive to their date of issue or acceleration of the maturity of the bonds.  under existing law and judicial decisions, including specifically the united states bankruptcy code (the “ bankruptcy code”), the remedies specified in the indentures and the loan agreements may not be readily available or may  be limited. the various legal opinions to be delivered concurrently with the original delivery of the bonds will be qualified as to enforceability of the various legal instruments by, among other things, limitations imposed by bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or other similar laws or legal or equitable principles affecting creditors’ rights. there exists statutory authority in pennsylvania for a court to dissolve a nonprofit corporation or undertake supervision of its affairs on various grounds, including finding that such corporation is insolvent. bankruptcy.  the rights and remedies of the owners of the bonds are subject to various provisions of the bankruptcy code.  if the university were to file a petit ion for relief (or if a petition were to be filed against the university) under the bankruptcy code, the filing would operate as an automatic stay of the commencement or continuation of any judicial or other proceeding against the university and its proper ty. in a bankruptcy proceeding, the university could file a plan for the adjustment of its debts which modifies the rights of creditors generally or the rights of any class of creditors, secured or unsecured.  no plan may be confirmed unless, among other conditions (as approved by the bankruptcy court), the plan is in the best interest of creditors, is feasible, and has been accepted by each class of claims impaired thereunder.  cybersecurity risk.   like all institutions of higher education, the university could be subject to cyber intrusion through hacking, malware and/or email scams.  cyber intrusion could lead to (i) data breaches requiring breach notification, (ii) denial of service (e., network, system, application or data), (iii) loss of intellectual property and data, (iv) harm to the university’s brand or reputation, (v) life/health safety impacts and/or (vi) financial loss.  the university takes steps to prevent, detect and respond to cyber intrusion.  further, the university maintains worldwide cyber insurance coverage to protect against data breaches and other cyber events. length: 5333