 the order provides that, in additional to all other rights and remedies of any registered owner provided by the laws of the state of texas, in the event the di strict defaults in the observance of performance of any covenant  in the order including payment when due of the principal of and inte rest on the bonds, any registered owner may apply for a writ o f mandamus from a court of competent jurisdiction requiring the board of  directors or other offers of the district to observe or perform such covenants. bankruptcy code (“chapter 9 ”).  although chapter 9 provides for the recognition of a security in terest represented by a specifically pledged source of revenues, such provision is subject to judicial construction.  chapter 9 also includes an automatic stay provision that would prohibit, w ithout bankruptcy court approval, the prosecution of any other legal action by creditors or bondholders of an entity which has sought protection under chapter 9.  therefore, should the district avai l itself of chapter 9 protection from creditors, the ability to  enforce would be subject to the approval of the bankruptcy court (which could require that th e action be heard in bankruptcy court instead of other federal or state court); and the bankruptcy code pr ovides for broad discretionary powers of a bankruptcy court in administering any proceeding brought before it.  the opinions of bond counsel will note that all opinions with respect to the rights of the registered owners of the bonds are subject to the applic able provisions of federal bankruptcy laws and any other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors of political subdivisions generally and may be limited by general principles of equity which permit the exercise of judicial discretion.   the policy is not covered by any insurance security or guara nty fund established under new york, california, connecticut or florida insurance law.  bam is party to a first loss reinsurance treaty that provides first loss protection up to a maximum of 15% of the par amount outstanding for each policy issued by bam, subj ect to certain limitations and restrictions.  for certain bam-insured issues, bam produces and posts a brief credit insights video that provides a discussion of the obligor and some of the key factors bam’s analysts an d credit committee considered when approving the credit for insura nce.   bond insurance risks  in the event of default of the payment of principal or interest with respect to the bonds when all or some becomes due, any own er of the bonds shall have a claim under the policy for such payments .  bam’s financial strength and claims paying ability are predicated upon a number of factors which could change over time.  the obligations of bam are general obligations of bam and in an event of default by bam, the remedies available may be limited by applicable bankruptcy law or other similar laws related to insolvency. length: 2932