    see “investment considerations – implications of public/private delivery process” for a discussion of certain considerations related to the inducement letter.  investment considerations in making investment decisions, investors must rely on their own investigations and evaluation of the merits of a particular investment; however, each investment has par ticular factors an investor should review and evaluate.  the following is a summary, which does not purport to be comprehensive or definitive, of some of the factors an investor may want to consider before purchasing the series 2010 bonds.  in order for potential investors to identify risk factors and make an informed investment decision, potential investors should become thoroughly familiar with this entire official statement, including appendix b—“the university of california annual financial report 2008-2009.  the following is intended only as a summary of certain risk factors attendant to an investment in the series 2010 bonds.  inclusion of certain factors below is not intended to signify that there are not other investment considerations or risks attendant to the series 2010 bonds that are as material to an investment decision with respect to the series 2010 bonds that are otherwise described or referred to elsewhere herein. limited security; non-recourse obligations the series 2010 bonds shall not be deemed  to constitute a debt or liability of the state of california or of any political subdivision thereof (other than the infrastructure bank) or the university but shall be payable solely from the funds provided therefor. certain risks with respect to the university payments of the base rent under the space lease will constitute the security for the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the series 2010 bonds.  the university selected the developer through a competitive selection process conducted during 2008. enforceability of remedies; effect of bankruptcy the remedies available to the trustee, the infrastructure bank and the owners upon an event of default under the indenture, the loan agreement, the ground lease, the sub-ground lease, or the space lease are dependent upon judicial actions which are, in turn, often subject to discretion and delay.  under existing  
 
17 constitutional and statutory laws and judicial decisions, including specifically, title 11 of the united states code, the federal bankruptcy code, a particular remedy specified by the bond documents  may not be enforceable or available, or its enforceability or availability may be limited or subject to substantial delay.  the various legal opinions to be delivered concurrently with the issuance and delivery of the series 2010 bonds will be qualified as to the enforceability of the bond documents and the various other legal instruments and the rights and remedies thereunder by limitations imposed by the valid exercise of constitutional powers of the state and the united states of america and other governmental authorities, including police powers exercised for the benefit of the public health and welfare, and by principles of equity and by bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium and similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally.    the series 2010 bonds are not secured by any legal or equitable pledge of, or mortgage on or other security interest in any real or personal property or fixtures, including any facilities or assets of the borrower, the developer or the university.  in the event of a bankruptcy by any of the borrower, the developer or the university, no assurance can be given that any claim under the bond documents or the respective series 2010 bonds will be allowed or that any recovery on any such claim will be permitted under the federal bankruptcy code.  in the event of a bankruptcy by any of the borrower, the developer or the university, the leases or the assignment agreement will be subject to the review of the bankruptcy court and one or more of the leases or the assignment agreement may be subject to re-characterization as a financin g arrangement.  in bankruptcy, if a lease is characterized by the bankruptcy court as a true lease agreement, a debtor may choose to assume or reject it (the debtor cannot unilaterally alter the agreement).  if a lease is rejected by  the debtor, the other party to the lease may receive a claim for damages, which for a landlord are capped by provisions of the federal bankruptcy code.  in any event, the damage claim will be subject to the normal partial payment of all claims in bankruptcy.  if, however, the bankruptcy court concludes the arrangement is in fact a financing (not a true lease arra ngement), the obligations are subject to full adjustment in bankruptcy, including potential reamortization, alteration of interest rates, and/or satisfaction by reduced payment.  in addition, if the owners of the developer were to go into bankruptcy, the developer could become a part of that bankruptcy, with the possible consequences discussed above. length: 5051