  competition the borrower currently faces substantial competition from other private and public colleges and universities. if, as a result of competition or otherwise, the enrollment levels were to be materially lower than in past years, there could be a material adverse effect on the borrower’s revenues. the borrower could face additional competition in the future from other educational institutions that offer comparable services and programs to the population that the borrower presently serves. this could include the establishment of new programs and the construction, renovation or expansion of competing educational institutions, as well as tuition discounting programs of competing educational institutions.    
31  damage or destruction although the borrower will be required to maintain certain insurance as set forth in the loan agreement, there can be no assurance that the borrower will not suffer losses for which insurance cannot be or has not been obtained or that the amount of any s uch loss will not exceed the coverage of such insurance policies.  the various legal opinions to be delivered concurrently with the delivery of the series 2019 bonds  will be qualified as to the enforceability of the provisions of the indenture and the loan agreement by limitations imposed by state and federal laws, rulings and decisions affecting equitable remedies regardless of whether enforceability is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity and by bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, receivership or other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally. limitations on security; realization of value on the deed of trust  property as stated above, the series 2019 bonds are secured by payments to be made by the borrower under the loan agreement.   
32  bankruptcy the ability of the trustee to exercise rights under the loan agreement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws or equitable principles related to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally. in the event the borrower becomes  a debtor under the united states bankruptcy code, 11 u. (the “ bankruptcy code”), payments under the loan agreement may be stayed or , under certain circumstances, subject to avoidance and the interests of the trustee with respect to paymen ts on the series 2019 bonds may not extend to payments acquired after the commencement of such a bankruptcy case. furthermore, if the bankruptcy court concludes that the trustee has “adequate protection,” it may enter orders affecting the security of the trustee, including orders providing for the substitution, subordination and sale of the security of the trustee.” thus, in the event of the bankruptcy of the borrower, the amount realized by the trustee may depend on the bankruptcy court’s interpretation of “indubitable equivalent” and “adequate protection” under then existing circumstances. the bankruptcy court may also have the power to invalidate certain provisions of the loan agreement that make bankruptcy and related proceedings by the borrower an event of default thereunder. in addition, the possible modification or repeal of certain existing federal income tax laws or property tax laws or other loss by the borrower of the present advantages of such laws, or any . length: 3301