 
33  
investment considerations 
 general
 
 the bonds are obligations solely of the district and are not oblig ations of the state of texas, fort bend county, the city of houston, or any entity other than the district. see “the bonds—source and security of payment.  subsequently, in response to a rise in covid-19 infections in the state and pursuant to chapter 418 of the texas government code, the governor issued a number of executive orders intended to help limit the spread of covid-19 and mitigate injury and the loss of life,  including limitations imposed on business operations, social gatherings and other activities.  potential effects of oil price volatility on the houston area 
 the economy of the houston area has, in the past, been particularly affected by adverse conditions in the oil and gas industry, and such conditions and their spillover effects into other industries could result in declines in the demand for residential and commercial property in the houston area and could reduce or negatively affect property values or homebuilding activity within the district.  extreme weather events 
 the houston area, including the district, is subject to occasional severe weather events, including tornadoes, flooding, tropical storms and hurricanes.  if the district were to sust ain damage to its facilities requiring substantial repair or replacement, or if substantial damage were to occur to taxabl e property within the district as a result of such a weather event, the investment security of the bonds could be adversely affected. “500‐year flood” events) since 2015, including harvey, which made landfall along the texas gulf coast on august 26, 2017, and brought historic levels of rainfall during the successive four days.  to the best of the district’s knowledge, the district's system did not sustain an y material damage, there was no interruption of water and sewer service, and no homes or other improvements within the district experienced structural flooding or other material damage as a result of hurricane harvey.  further, there can be no assurance that a casualty loss to taxable property within the district will be covered by insurance (or that prope rty owners will even carry flood or other casualty insurance), that any insurance company will fulfill its obligation to provide insurance proceeds, or that insurance proceeds will be used to rebuild or repair any damaged improvements within the district.  specific flood type risks  
 ponding (or pluvial) flood:  ponding, or pluvial, flooding occurs when heavy rainfall creates a flood event independent of 
an overflowing water body, typically in relatively flat areas.  ponding can also occur in a flood pool upstream or behind a dam, levee or  reservoir.  riverine (or fluvial) flood:  riverine, or fluvial, flooding occurs when water levels rise over the top of river, bayou or 
channel banks due to excessive rain from tropical systems making landfall and/or persistent thunderstorms over the same area for extended periods of time. the damage from a riverine  flood can be widespread.  flas h flooding is a type of riverine flood that is characterized by an intense, high velocity torrent of water that occurs in an existing river channel with little to no notice.  flash floodin g can also occur even if no rain has fallen, for instance, after a levee, dam or reservoir has failed or experienced an uncontrolled release, or after a sudden release of water by a debris or ice jam.  in addition, planned or unplanned controlled releases from a dam, levee or reservoir also may result in flooding in areas adjacent to rivers, bayous or drainage systems downstream. 12 (“lid 12”), which provides certain flood control and drainage facilities to serve land within its bo undaries, and the property in the district currently constitut es 14. lid 12 had previously  filed a voluntary bankruptcy petition and had a plan of adjustment confirmed by the bankruptcy court.  future bonds issued by lid 12 could further increase the tax burden on property within the district, thereby affecting the security for, and the investment quality and value of the bonds. the district has no control over the issuance of bonds by lid 12; however, any such bonds must be approved by the co mmission under guidelines of feasibility established by the commission.” the issuance of such future obligations may adversely affect the investme nt security of the bonds. finally, a bankruptcy court with jurisdiction over bankruptcy proceedings initiated by or against a taxpayer within the distri ct pursuant to the federal bankruptcy code could stay any attempt by the district to collect delinquent ad valorem taxes against such taxpayer. in addition to the automatic stay against collection of delinquent taxes afforded a taxpayer during the pendency of a bankruptcy, a bankruptcy could affect payment of taxes in two other ways: first, a debtor's confirmation plan may allow a debtor to make installment payments on delinquent taxes for up to six years; and, second, a debtor may challenge, and a bankruptcy court may reduce, the amount of any taxes assessed against the debtor, including taxes that  have already been paid.”  registered owners' remedies and bankruptcy limitations 
 if the district defaults in the payment of principal, interest, or redemption price on the bonds when due, if it fails to make payments into any fund or funds created in the bond resolutions, or if it defaults in the observation or performance of any other covenants, conditions, or obligations set forth in the b ond resolutions, the registered owners (defined herein) have the statutory right of a writ of mandamus issued by a court of  competent jurisdiction requiring the district and its officials to observe and perform the covenants, obligations, or conditions prescribed in the bond resolutions. the enforceability of the rights and remedies of the registered ow ners may further be limited by a state of texas statute reasonably required to attain an important public purpose or by laws relating to bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar laws of general application affecting the rights of creditors of political subdivisions, such as the district. length: 6225