  see “security for the bonds—additional bonds” and “—limitation on the incurrence of additional debt by the corporation” herein.  under existing constitu tional and statutory law and judicial decisions, including specifically the united states bankruptcy code, 11 u. (the “bankruptcy code”), the remedies provided in the indenture and the loan agreement may not be readily available or may be limited.  the various legal opinions delive red concurrently with the delivery of the bonds will be qualified as to the enforceability of the various  legal instruments by limitations imposed by general principles of equity and by bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally. potential effects of bankruptcy if the corporation were to file a petition for relief (or if a petition were filed against the corporation) under the bankruptcy code, the filing would operate as an automatic stay of the commencement or continuation of any judicial or other proceeding against the corporation and its property.  if the bankruptcy court so ordered, the corporation’ s property, including its revenues, could be used for the benefit of the corporation despite the claims of i ts creditors, including the trustee and the assignee. in a bankruptcy proceeding, the corporation could file a plan f or the adjustment of its debts which modifies the rights of creditors generally or the rights of any class of creditors, secured or unsecured (including registered owners of the bonds).  no plan may be confirmed unless, among other conditions, the plan is in the best interest of creditors, is feasible and has been accepted by each class o f creditors impaired thereunder.  
 2 8  the assets of the corporation’s parishes and the schools are not available to the corporation or its creditors if the corporation were to file a petition for relief  (or if a petition were filed against the corporation) under the bankruptcy code. other factors other factors may also affect the operation of the corporation and affect its ability to maintain sufficient operating margins.  these factors include: (a) changes in the cost and availability of energy; (b) changes in the cost and availability of insurance, such as fire and general comprehensive liability, that institutions of a similar size and type generally carry; (c) oc currence of uninsured acts of god; and (d) an increase in the rate of inflation, combined with difficulties i n increasing tuition, fees and charges while maintaining the quantity and quality of churches, schools, facilities and services.  in the event of the insolvency of the dtc participant, the investor would be required to look to the dtc participant’s estate and to any insurance maint ained by the dtc participant, to make good the investor’s loss.  neither the authority, the corporation, the trustee nor the underwriters are responsible for failures to act by, or insolvencies of, the securities depository or any dtc participant. risk of loss from nonpresentment upon redemption the rights of the registered owners of the bonds to receive int erest will terminate on the date, if any, on which the bonds are to be redeemed pursuant to a call for redemption, notice of which has been given under the terms of the indenture. length: 3293