 credit enhancement of the series 2023 b loans the series 2023 b loans are expected to have credit enhancement under the fha risk-sharing program.  see “credit enhancement of rental housing loans 
— fha risk-sharing program” below and appendix f 
— “mortgage insurance and guarantee programs — the fha insurance program 
— fha risk-sharing program. to the extent amounts in the revenue fund are insufficient to pay interest on offered bonds, on any interest payment date, prior to any transfer of any amounts on deposit in the debt service reserve fund as described under “security for the bonds — debt service reserve fund,” the trustee shall, at the written direction of the administration, draw the requisite amount under the standby letters of credit and transfer such amount to the revenue fund on the interest payment date (or such earlier date required under the terms of the standby letters of credit) to fund such insufficiency.62 
fha risk sharing program3 63 5,353  84.  
3 these loans are insured under the fha risk -sharing program.  under the program, upon payments of a claim by fha, the administration would be responsible for reimbursement to fha of 25- 50% of the claim, depending on the risk-sharing level (level i reflects a 50/50 share between fha and the administration; level ii reflects a 75/25 share between fha and the administrati on, with fha assuming 75% and the administration 25% of the potential loss).  for more information on the fha risk- sharing program please refer to appendix f.  
4 hickory ridge was financed, in part, with an uninsured cash flow loan and with a senior loan which is insured under the fha risk-sharing program. fha risk-sharing program.  the fha risk-sharing program is administered by hud, acting through fha, pursuant to section 542(c) of the housing and community development act of 1992 (the “risk sharing act”) and applicable hud regulations found at 24 c.  the risk sharing act authorizes the secretary of hud (“hud secretary”) to enter into risk-sharing agreements with qualified  
 13 state or local housing finance agencies (“hfas”) to enable hfas to underwrite and process loans for which hud, acting through fha, will provide full mortgage insurance for eligible developments .  the hfa is required to reimburse hud an agreed percentage of any loss resulting upon disposition of the property (but in any event within five years, subject to extension in the discretion of hud). the administration has received designation as a level i  participant and a level ii participant in the fha risk-sharing program.  the administration received an initial allocation of 475 affordable multifamily housing units eligible to be financed by a loan insured under the fha risk- sharing program and applied for an additional allocation of multifamily units in an amount sufficient to insure loans under the fha risk-sharing program the proceeds of which will finance such additional units .  as a level i participant, the administration assumes 50% or more of the  liability for any losses incurred by hud upon payment under its insurance following disposition of the property, the exact percentage being determined separately with respect to each project.  as a level ii participant, the administration assumes (i) 25% of the liability for such losses with respect to projects having a loan to value or loan to replacement cost ratio greater than or equal to 75%, or (ii) 10% of such liability with respect to projects having a loan to value or loan to replacement cost ratio less than 75%. the administration currently is an active participant in the fha risk -sharing program for new loans financed by bonds.  pursuant to a firm approval letter issued by mhf to the administration in connection with each loan, mhf is expected to reimburse the administration for the administration’s share of any loss incurred under the fha risk-sharing program.  a guaranteed security is a “fully modified pass through” mortgage-backed security which requires monthly payments by an fha -approved lender, as the issuer of the guaranteed security (the “lender”), to the registered holder of the guaranteed security of principal of and interest on such guaranteed security when due, whether or not the lender receives payments on the mortgage note underlying such guaranteed security, plus any prepayments of principal of the mortgage note received by the lender. length: 4402