-39- competition and consumer transparency could adversely affect patient volume and 
financial condition  the health care business is highly competitive.  competition for patients among hospitals and other health care providers has intensified in recent years.  increased competition from this wide variety of sources (e.  if the obligated group members’ competitors are better able to attract patients, deliver services, recruit physicians, expand or integrate services, or obtain favorable managed care contracts at their facilit ies, the obligated group may experience an overall decline in patient volumes and revenues.  additionally, quality measures and future trends toward clinical transparency may have an unanticipated impact on the obligated group’s competitive position and patient volumes.  health care consumers are now able to access hospital performance data on quality measures and patient satisfaction, as well as standard charges for services, to compare competing providers.  if any of the obligated group’s health care faci lities achieve poor results (or results that are lower than competitors’) on quality measures or patient satisfaction surveys, or if its standard charges are higher than their competitors’, the obligated group may attract fewer patients. future competition may arise from new sources not currently anticipated or prevalent.  additionally, scientific and technological advances, new procedures, drugs and devices, preventive medicine, and a trend toward outpatient or home health care delivery may reduce utilization and revenues of hospitals in the future or otherwise lead the way to new avenues of competition. c
ostly information technology or medical technology improvements may be 
necessary to remain competitive  the ability to adequately price and bill health care services and to accurately report financial results depends on the operability of a health care provider’s el ectronic medical record (“emr”) and other information technology (“it”) systems and the integrity of the data stored within such systems.  all such initiatives may involve significant capital commitments and/or capital or operating risk.  although the obligated group routinely monitors and tests the security of its it systems and processes and implements appropriate security measures, it systems are o ften subject to computer viruses, cyber-attacks by hackers (such as malware or ransomware attacks), or breaches due to employee error or malfeasance.  cyber-attacks specifically targeted at health systems have been occurring more frequently, and in some recent cases, have resulted in the disruption or temporary cessation of facility operations.  dhhs, the federal bureau of investigation, and the cybersecurity and infrastructure agency have expressed concern that u. hospitals and health care providers are a prime target for cyber-attacks and that such cyber-attacks could result in data theft and disruption of health care services.   any breach or cyber-attack that limits a health facility’s ability to access its it systems or  otherwise compromises patient data could result in the disruption or cessation of facility operations, patient safety issues, the loss of patient records, the payment of significant ransoms,  negative press, and/or the imposition of substantial fines or penalties for violation of hipaa or similar state privacy laws (as discussed above), any of which may adversely affect a health facility’s business or financial condition.   although management is not currently aware of having experienced a material security breach, the obligated group’s it security measures may not be sufficient to prevent cyber -attacks in the future.  as cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, the obligated group may not be able to anticipate certain attack methods in order to implement effective protective measures and may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify and strengthen security measures, investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities, or invest in new technology designed to mitigate security risks.  additionally, the -41- obligated group’s it systems routinely interface with and rely on third -party systems that are also subject to the risks outlined above and may not have or use appropriate controls to protect confidential information.  although the obligated group has insurance against some cyber risks and attacks, it may not be sufficient to offset the impact of a material loss event.  damage from natural or manmade disasters, severe weather, deliberate acts of destruct ion, terrorism, or various facility system failures may have a material adverse impact on the obligated group’s business or financial condition, especially if insurance is inadequate to cover resulting property and business losses.  climate change may increase the frequency or severity of extreme weather events and other natural disasters.   v
arious employer -related risks could adversely affect operations and financial 
condition  employee relationships/retention.  in addition, a number of covid-19 related factors, such as fear of workplace exposure, vaccination mandates, and difficulties in finding child and elder care, has led to a tight job market, generally. length: 5255