 
 factors relating to increases/decreases in assessed value. increases or decreases in assessed valuation result fr om a variety of factors including but not limited to general economic conditions, supply and demand for real property in the area, government regulations such as zoning, and man-made or natural disasters such as earthquakes,  
-20- fires, floods, drought and mudslides.   climate change can also cause hazards such as heat waves, droughts, sea level rise and floods, which could have an impact on assessed values.  the hayward fault runs along the eastern boundary of the district, and the district is also located in the bay area, into which extend three major earthquake faults that the comprise the san andreas  fault system (san andreas fault, hayward fault and calaveras fault) .  an earthquake of large magnitude could result in extensive damage to property within the district and could adversely affect the assessed valuation of property within the district, or more generally the region’s economy.   the state has in recent years experienced drought conditions. significant snowfall and precipitation in the state commencing in january 2023 have generally eliminated most of the state’s drought conditions. drought monitor, portions of the state in the far north and lower south-west regions continue to classified in the abnormally to severe drought categories, however the majority of the state including the county is currently classified as having no drought conditions.  the district cannot predict if there will be future drought conditions and related use restrictions imposed in the future.  various state and local agencies (including the county and the city) have produced reports or assessments in connection with planning for the pot ential effects of sea level rise, which could include extensive coastal flooding during storms, periodic tidal flooding, and increased erosion.  the district is unable to predict whether sea level rise, or associated impacts thereof, will occur, and if any such events occur, whether they will have a material adverse effect on the assessed valuation of property within the district, the financial condition of the district or more generally the region’s economy  wildfires have occurred throughout the state in recent years, which have burned thousands of acres and destroyed thousands of homes and structures.  several of the wildfires in recent years have originated in wildlands adjacent to developed urban areas. for disclosure relating to the covid-19 pandemic, see also “security for the bonds – disclosure relating to covid-19 pandemic. the district cannot predict or make any representations 
regarding the effects that prolonged droughts or wildfires or any other type of natural or manmade disasters, including the covid-19 pandemic, and related conditions have or may have on the value of taxable property within the district, or to what extent the effects said disasters might have on economic activity in the district or throughout the state.  
 furthermore, projections of the impact of global climate change are complex and depend on a variety of factors outside of the district’s control.  the various scientific studies that forecast the amount and timing of adverse impacts of climate change are based on as sumptions contained in such studies, but actual events may vary materially.  in addition, the scientific understanding of climate change and its effects continues to evolve.  accordingly, the district in unable to forecast with certainty when or if adverse impacts of climate change will occur or the extent of such impacts. length: 3623