4 
____________________     
(1) reflects decrease in assessed value due to the impact of the tubbs fire. 
 
economic and other factors beyond the district’s control, such as general market decline in 
property values, disruption in financial markets that may reduce availability of financing for purchasers of 
property, reclassification of property to a class exempt from taxation, whether by ownership or use (such as 
exemptions for property owned by the state and local agencies and property used for qualified education, 
hospital, charitable or religious purposes), or the complete or partial destruction of the taxable property 
caused by a natural or manmade disaster, such as earthquake, fire, drought, flood or toxic contamination, 
could cause a reduction in the assessed value of taxable property within the district. see “security for the bonds.” 
natural disasters impacting assessed valuations 
recent wildfires in sonoma county.   in recent years, certain portions of the state, including the 
district, have been affected by large wildfires which have destroyed both natural lands and residential and 
commercial properties and resulted in large-scale property value reductions in the impacted areas.    
in october, 2017, the tubbs fire broke out in rural napa county and spread to the county 
including areas in the district and the high school district.  according to the california department of 
forestry and fire protection (“cal fire”), the tubbs fire burned 36,807 acres for 123 days.  the tubbs fire 
destroyed 5,636 structures and killed 22 people.   
as a result of the tubbs fire, santa rosa city schools closed all of its schools on october 9, 2017.  two santa rosa city schools’ properties were destroyed by the wildfires; hidden valley 
elementary school satellite campus (owned by the district) and santa rosa high school’s farm on alba  
15 lane (owned by the high school district).  817 students and 80 employees of santa rosa city schools lost 
their homes in the fires.   
in september, 2020, the glass fires, a complex of fires, broke out in neighboring napa county and 
spread to the county.  according to cal fire, the glass fire burned for 23 days over 67,484 acres and 
destroyed 1,555 structures and damaged 282 structures.  the glass fire did not cause any damage 
within the district or the elementary school district. 
drought conditions.   water shortfalls resulting from the driest conditions in recorded state history 
caused a state-wide drought state of emergency for california in 2014 and the imposition by state 
regulators of reductions in water usage through 2017 when the state-wide drought ended in almost all 
california counties.   
during fiscal year 2020-21, fiscal year 2021-22, and continuing during fiscal year 2022-23, much 
of the state has experienced severe or extreme drought, pursuant to the u. drought monitor 
classification scheme.  on october 19, 2021, governor newsom declared 
a state of emergency due to drought in the state. drought monitor, as of march 7, 2023, 26.84% of the state is experiencing 
no drought, 30.06% of the state is 
experiencing moderate drought, and 19.00% of the state is experiencing severe drought. the county is 
currently experiencing abnormally dry and moderate drought conditions. 
earthquakes.  all jurisdictions in california are subject to the effects of damaging earthquakes.  
earthquakes are considered a threat to the district due to the highly active seismic region and the proximity 
of fault zones, which could influence much of the california coastline including the san francisco bay 
area.  an earthquake along one of the faults in the vicinity, either known or unknown, could cause a 
number of casualties and extensive property damage.  the effects of such a quake could be aggravated by 
aftershocks and secondary effects such as fires, landslides, dam failure, liquefaction and other threats to 
public health, safety and welfare. the potential direct and indirect consequences of a major earthquake can 
easily exceed the resources of the district and other local public entities and would require a high level of 
self-help, coordination and cooperation.   
seismic activity is also a risk in the region where the district is located.  the 2014 working group on earthquake probabilities estimated that there is a 33% 
chance of a 6.7 magnitude or greater earthquake on the rodgers creek-hayward fault system between 2014 
and 2043.4 earthquake occurred on the rodgers 
creek fault impacting the northern portion of the city of santa rosa. no damage resulted from the 
earthquake. 
climate change.   climate change caused by human activities may have adverse effects on the 
property within the boundaries of the district. climate change can also result in more variable weather 
patterns throughout the state, which can lead to longer and more severe droughts and wildfires as well as  
16 increased risk of flooding and a rise in sea levels.  projections of the impacts of global climate change are 
complex and depend on many factors that are outside the district’s control. the various scientific studies 
that forecast the amount and timing of adverse impacts of climate change are based on assumptions 
contained in such studies, but actual events may vary materially. also, the scientific understanding of 
climate change and its effects continues to evolve. accordingly, the district is unable to forecast with 
certainty when adverse impacts of climate change will occur or the extent of such impacts. 
the district cannot make any representation regarding the effects that the drought, change in 
economic conditions, caused by pandemic or otherwise, or fire conditions or earthquakes has had, or may 
have on the value of taxable property within the district, or to what extent such conditions could cause 
disruptions to agricultural production, destroy property, reduce land values and adversely impact other 
economic activity within the boundaries of the district.  county assessors may independently reduce assessed values as well based upon the factors 
described in the paragraph above or reductions in the fair market value of the taxable property. 
once the property has regained its prior value, adjusted for inflation, it once again is subject to the annual 
inflationary factor growth rate allowed under article xiiia. length: 6367