  
 
 malpractice claims and losses .  as a result, the remedies available to the trustee in the event of a 
default under the loan agreement , the indenture or the security deed  may be limited and the 
realization of revenues from the sale or leasing of the facility might thus be adversely affected.  the loss of the services of such parties may have 
a material adverse impact on the present and future prospects for the facility.  
 
 effect of bankruptcy .  if the borrower  were to file a petition for relief under chapter 
11 of the federal bankruptcy code, ordinarily its revenues, its accounts receivable and other 
property acquired after the filing would not be subject to the security interests created under   
 
 -32- 
 the loan agreement  and the security deed .  the bankruptcy court could order that such 
property, including the borrower 's accounts receivable, proceeds thereof and other gross 
revenues, be used for the benefit of the borrower  despite the security interest of the trustee in 
such gross revenues, provided that "adequate protection" was given to the trustee.  
 
 in a bankruptcy proceeding, the petitioning debtor may file a plan of reorganization 
which modifies the rights of creditors to receive payments of the debts owing to  them by the 
debtor.  the plan, when confirmed by the bankruptcy court, binds each creditor, whether or 
not the claim of that creditor is impaired under the plan, and whether or not such creditor has 
accepted the plan.  no plan may be confirmed 
unless, among other conditions, the plan is in the best interest of creditors, is feasible and has 
been accepted (or has been deeme d to have been accepted) by each class of claims impaired 
under the plan.  
 
 bankruptcy proceedings by the borrower  could adversely affect holders of the series 
2015 bonds by reducing or delaying payments on the series 2015  bonds and may impede 
enforcement by the trustee and such holders of their cla ims to the collateral assigned and 
pledged to secure the series 2015  bonds.  federal bankruptcy law also permits adoption of a 
reorganization plan without the approval of such bondholders if they are provided with the 
benefit of their original security or the “indubitable equivalent.” in addition, if a bankruptcy 
court concludes that such bondholders have “adequate protection,” the court may (1) substitute 
other security for the security of the bondholders and (2) subordinate the security of the 
bondholders  to (a) claims by persons supplying goods, services or credit to the borrower  after 
bankruptcy and (b) the administrative expenses of the bankruptcy proceeding.  in the event of 
such bankruptcy, the amount realized by the holders of the series 2015  bonds m ay depend on 
the court’s interpretation of “indubitable equivalent” and “adequate protection” under then 
existing circumstances.  the effect of these and other provisions of federal bankruptcy law 
cannot be predicted and may be significantly affected by ju dicial interpretation.  
 
 furthermore, recent judicial decisions concerning the status of debt service reserve 
funds held by an indenture trustee have concluded that such reserves are “cash collateral” of a 
debtor in bankruptcy and have cast doubt on the ab ility of the trustee to use moneys in the 
debt service reserve fund to make payments on the series 2015  bonds in the event of a 
bankruptcy of the borrower . 
 
 in the event that the trustee were to seek enforcement of any of the remedies provided 
by the loan agreement  and the security deed  upon the occurrence of a default thereunder, it  
 
 -33- 
 is impossible to predict, because of the exercise of judicial discretion in accordance with 
general principles of equity and public policy, the judicial resolution of competin g claims 
between the issuer or the trustee and residents of the facility who have fully complied with all 
the terms and conditions of the resident leases.  
 
 normal risks attending any investment in real estate .  development, ownership 
and operation of real  estate, such as the facility, involves certain risks, including the risk of 
adverse changes in general economic and local conditions (such as the possible future 
oversupply and lagging demand for rental housing for the aged), adverse use of adjacent or 
neighboring real estate, initial and continued community acceptance of the facility, increased 
competition from other senior living or health care facilities, changes in the cost of operation 
of the facility, difficulties or restrictions in the borrower ’s ability to raise rents charged, 
damage caused by adverse weather and delays in repairing such damage, population decreases, 
uninsured losses, failure of residents to pay rent, operating deficits and mortgage foreclosure, 
lack of attractiveness of the facilit y to residents, adverse changes in neighborhood values, and 
adverse changes in zoning laws, federal and local rent controls, other laws and regulations and 
real property tax rates.  such losses also include the possibility of fire or other casualty or 
condemnation.  these conditions may have an adverse effect on the demand for the services 
provided by the facility as well as the market price received for the facility in the event of a 
sale or foreclosure of the facility .  many other factors may adversely affect the operation of 
the facility and cannot be determined at this time. examples of such 
claims, interests and provisions are: (a)  statutory liens and rights of set -off; (b)  possible non -
recognition under the georgia uniform commercial code of a security interest in future 
revenues; (c)  rights arising in favor of the united states of america or any agency thereof on 
failure of the borrower  to comply with federal or state statutes regarding the assignment of 
certain cla ims; (d)  constructive trusts, equitable liens or other rights impressed or conferred by 
any state or federal court in the exercise of its equitable jurisdiction; (e)  state and federal 
bankruptcy or insolvency laws as they affect the enforceability of the s ecurity interest in gross 
revenues earned by the borrower  within the statutory prescribed preference period preceding 
and at any time after any effectual institution of bankruptcy proceedings by or against the 
borrower ; (f) as to those items in which a sec urity interest, lien or pledge can be perfected 
only by possession, including items converted to cash, the rights of third parties in such items 
not in the possession of the borrower  or any depository; (g)  the security interest of third party 
creditors in “proceeds” of property subject to a permitted encumbrance, which “proceeds” 
may be deemed to constitute gross revenues; (h)  items not in possession of the trustee or any . length: 6804