   
 
economic and other factors beyond the district’s control, such as general market decline in 
property values, disruption in financial markets that may reduce availability of financing for purchasers of 
property, reclassification of property to a class exempt from taxation, whether by ownership or use (such 
as exemptions for property owned by the state and local agencies and property used for qualified 
education, hospital, charitable or religious purposes), or the complete or partial destruction of the taxable 
property caused by a natural or manmade disaster, such as earthquake, flood, fire, or toxic contamination, 
could cause a reduction in the assessed value of taxable property within the district. see “security for the bonds.”  
natural disasters impacting assessed valuations 
drought conditions.   water shortfalls resulting from the driest conditions in recorded state 
history caused a state-wide drought state of emergency for california in 2014 and the imposition by 
state regulators of reductions in water usage through 2017 when the state-wide drought ended in almost 
all california counties.   
during fiscal year 2020-21, 2021-22, and continuing during fiscal year 2022-23, much of the 
state has experienced severe or extreme drought, pursuant to the u. drought monitor classification 
scheme.  on october 19, 2021, governor newsom declared a state of 
emergency due to drought in the state. drought monitor, as of march 7, 2023, 26.84% of the state is experiencing 
no drought, 30.06% of the state is 
experiencing moderate drought, and 19.00% of the state is experiencing severe drought. the county is 
currently not experiencing abnormally dry or drought conditions. 
wildfires.  in recent years, certain portions of the state were affected by large wildfires which 
destroyed both natural lands and residential and commercial properties and resulted in large-scale 
property value reductions in the impacted areas.  during the summer of 2020, california experienced 
large-scale wildfires in several portions of the state.  the district was not materially impacted by recent 
wildfires. 
earthquakes.  all jurisdictions in california are subject to the effects of damaging earthquakes.  
earthquakes are considered a threat to the district due to the highly active seismic region and the 
proximity of fault zones, which could influence the entire southern coastal portion of the state.  an 
earthquake along one of the faults in the vicinity, either known or unknown, could cause a number of 
casualties and extensive property damage.  the effects of such a quake could be aggravated by 
aftershocks and secondary effects such as fires, landslides, dam failure, liquefaction and other threats to 
public health, safety and welfare. the potential direct and indirect consequences of a major earthquake 
can easily exceed the resources of the district and other local public entities and would require a high 
level of self-help, coordination and cooperation.   
portions of the district are located in a high risk-level earthquake zone. the city of soledad (the “city”) has 
experienced a total of 7,261 earthquakes since 1931, with the largest earthquake within 30 miles of the 
city being a 5.94% chance of a major earthquake within 30 miles of the city within the next 50 years.  
climate change.   climate change caused by human activities may have adverse effects on the 
property within the boundaries of the district. climate change can also result in more variable weather 
patterns throughout the state, which can lead to longer and more severe droughts and wildfires as well as 
increased risk of flooding and a rise in sea levels.  projections of the impacts of global climate change are 
complex and depend on many factors that are outside the district’s control. the various scientific studies 
that forecast the amount and timing of adverse impacts of climate change are based on assumptions 
contained in such studies, but actual events may vary materially. also, the scientific understanding of 
climate change and its effects continues to evolve. accordingly, the district is unable to forecast with 
certainty when adverse impacts of climate change will occur or the extent of such impacts. 
the district cannot make any representation regarding the effects that the drought, change in 
economic conditions, caused by pandemic or otherwise, fire conditions, earthquakes, flooding, or other 
natural disasters has had, or may have on the value of taxable property within the district, or to what 
extent such conditions could cause disruptions to agricultural production, destroy property, reduce land 
values and adversely impact other economic activity within the boundaries of the district.  county assessors may independently reduce assessed values as well based 
upon the factors described in the paragraph above or reductions in the fair market value of the taxable 
property. 
once the property has regained its prior value, adjusted for inflation, it once again is subject to the annual 
inflationary factor growth rate allowed under article xiiia. assuming 
no change in ownership or new construction, and if and as market conditions improve, the assessed value 
of a property with a proposition 8 assessed value in place may increase as of each property tax lien date 
by more than the standard annual inflationary factor growth rate allowed under article xiiia (currently, a 
2% annual maximum) until such assessed value again equals the article xiiia base year value for such 
property as adjusted for inflation and years of ownership, at which point such property is again taxed 
pursuant to article xiiia and base year values may not be increased by more than the standard article 
xiiia annual inflationary factor growth rate. length: 5798