 
the enactment of the tax levy limit law, which imposes a tax levy limitation upon municipalities, 
school districts and fire districts in the state, including the city, without providing exclusion for debt service 
on obligations issued by municipalities and fire districts, including the city, may affect the market price and/or 
marketability for the bonds.) 
federal or state legislation imposing new or increased mandatory expenditures by municipalities, 
school districts and fire districts in the state, including the city could impair the financial condition of such 
entities, including the city and the ability of such entities, including the city to pay debt service on the bonds. 
cybersecurity 
the city, like many other public and private entities, relies on technology to conduct its operations. 
as a recipient and provider of personal, private, or sensitive information, the city faces multiple cyber threats 
including, but not limited to, hacking, viruses, malware and other attacks on computer and other sensitive 
digital networks and systems.  to mitigate the risk of business operations impact and/or damage from cyber 
incidents or cyber-attacks, the city invests in various forms of cybersecurity and operational controls; 
however, no assurances can be given that such security and operational control measures will be completely 
successful to guard against cyber threats and attacks.   the city does not have a cybersecurity insurance policy.  
costs for supplies,  overtime  and  additional  security  measures  put  in  place  were  paid  for  through  the  
city’s  operating budget.  
the department of information technology notified homeland security on sunday, september 5, 
2021 and they  performed  a  forensic  analysis  to  determine  if  any  files  were  taken.  the city has added an additional level of security and has changed some 
of its core software following the incident. 
office of sustainability and climate action plan 
the current administration is committed to making the city a leader in sustainability and taking 
meaningful action to protect the future of the environment, the city’s economy and its diverse communities. 
 in addition, the city is expected to embark on developing a new climate action plan.  the yonkers nyrcr plan was developed following superstorm 
sandy and  lays out the city’s vulnerabilities to more frequent and intense weather events resulting from 
climate change and outlines measures that may be taken to reduce risk.   
specifically, the plan identifies innovative reconstruction and resiliency projects and other actions to 
mitigate increasingly common natural risks resulting from climate change.  
during and after hurricane irene and superstorm sandy, many water bodies in the city overtopped 
their banks and released floodwaters throughout the city. in addition to flooding, strong winds during 
superstorm sandy brought down trees and power lines causing disruption to power. the key critical issues facing the city as discussed in the plan include: 
(i) riverine, coastal, and stormwater flooding 
(ii) tree and wind damage 
(iii) susceptibility of major infrastructure to storm damage 
(iv) communication and education challenges 
(v) managing the impacts of development, including resiliency projects 
to address specific vulnerabilities, a comprehensive needs and opportunities analysis was prepared. some projects proposed for funding included: 
(i)  bronx river and grassy sprain brook hydrologic study 
(ii) saw mill river hydrologic study 
(iii) emergency power to street lights along evacuation routes 
(iv) yonkers emergency response and recovery campaign 
(v) technical assistance program for residential resiliency 
(vi) planning study to establish best management practices for upland waterways 
(vii) resilient revitalization of the alexander street waterfront – study and pilot project 
(viii) scout field engineering study 
(ix) creation of access to grassy sprain brook through sprain brook parkway sound barrier 
(x) reconstruction of seawall at yonkers paddling and rowing club 
(xi) feasibility study for creation of a regional flood control authority 
(xii) planning study for sprain diversion channel 
a full copy of such plan is available at: 
https://stormrecovery. length: 4285